Did you see they remade 'The Mummy'?
Do you like the Alien movie franchise?
Has anyone seen the new Transformers movie yet?
Did you see the movie "Extortion"?
Do you like martial arts movies?
Have you seen the latest Wonder Woman movie?
Do you like James Bond movies?
Which do you think was better out of these two movies? The first or second John Wick movies?
Hi.
What is your favorite action movie?
What would you consider an iconic action movie or series?
What do you think of the Die Hard franchise.
Hi.
I love all the taken movies
How many Jason Bourne movies have they made?
Who's your favorite James Bond?
I just saw The Da Vinci Code.
Have you seen that new movie with Tom Cruise?
Were you a big fan of The Matrix
Have you ever seen any action movies from the 70s?
What do you think of the Jurassic Park sequels?
What's the best action movie ever made?
Hey, what was the movie where the guy went on a rampage after his dog got killed?
I saw The Magnificent Seven last night on DVD.
Indiana Jones is my favoeite action movie.
What action movies do you recommend me to see this summer?
What's the best action movie you have seen in the 10 years.
Hong Kong action flicks are the best.
Hey
Are you a Sylvester Stallone fan?
Yo bro
I want to watch an action movie that will make me think.
Are you a fan of the James Bond movies?
I enjoy watching men in black
Did you enjoy American Sniper?
I just saw Lucy last night.
Did you ever watch Captain America:Civil War?
Have you seen any good action movie lately?
Hi there.
Did you ever see The Departed?
I miss the explosive scenes of the 90s
I'm not a fan of all of Tom Cruise's works but I sure did like Top Gun.
Isn't the new Transformers movie coming out soon?
Have you seen Fast & Furious?
Have you seen any of Vin Diesel's movie?
Did you ever see Hot Fuzz?
I heard The Mummy was filled with action scenes.
Have you ever seen the movie Goodfellas?
Have you seen suicide squad?
Have you seen salt?
Do you prefer Terminator 1, or 2?
The all-time best action movie ever made is actually a remake. It's The Magnificent Seven.
Hey, have you ever seen Never Back Down?
What do you think is the best action film in the last five years?
I've always thought Terminator was one of the best action movies ever.
Die hard 1 will always be one of my favorite action movies!
Guess what action movie we watched last night.
That was horrible! What happened to action films?
Hi.
Do you like taken?
Did you see the advert for the new Transformer movie?
Have you seen the Taken movies?
have you seen the kill bill series?
I hate action movies with drama
What was Nicholas Cage's best movie?
Who is a good action hero?
Which new action movie do you really like?
Did you ever get to go see Kong: Skull Island?
What do you think of the Lethal Weapon franchise?
You know what movie I love? Django Unchained.
Man this director is nuts
My favorite Christmas movie of all times is "Die Hard."
What is your favorite action movie?
Hey, do you like the marvel movies?
What kind of movies do you like?
Arnold Schwarznegger is one of my favorite actors.
Have you seen John Wick 2 yet?
Did you see James Cameron may be redoing RoboCop?
Have you seen the new Mummy movies?
Have you ever seen the original Terminator film?
Did you see The Road to Perdition?
Did you get a chance to see John Wick, Chapter 2?
Can you imagine a world where denzel washington did not do action
Hello.
Have you seen Ninja Assassin?
So who's your favorite Action movie star?
What was better, John Wick or John Wick 2?
Hi.
Do you like action films?
Did you see the Kick-Ass sequel?
What is your favorite action movie?
Did anyone get to see Transformers: The Last Knight yet?
Did you know that they are making a new Predator movie?
Hey.
Clive owens best movie is Shoot Em Up what do you think?
Did you see the new Wonder Woman?
My son likes Harrison Ford. Did you like the Indiana Jones movies?
I want togo see Wonder Woman soon, but not sure if it is playing this weekend yet.
Do you like the hunger games
Are you into any like British action films?
What is your favorite action film?
Can you recommend any good action movies for us?
So, you know what's really a good action movie?  Hot Fuzz.
Are you a fan of Kurt Russel?
Do you think the new Transformers movie will be good?
Hey there
I saw Death Wish for my criminal justice class.
Did you hear that they're making a new Bond movie.
Did you ever see Man on Fire?
I love action movies
If you haven't seen Edge of Tomorrow: Live, Die, Repeat you should go see it.
Which Die Hard movie is your favorite?
Have you seen the taken movies?
Hello.
Did you see Enter the Dragon?
Do you like Sylvester Stallone?
Did you ever see The Accountant?
Who was the original actor in "The Mechanic"?
What do you think is the ultimate action film?
Have you seen the last Mummy movie yet?
Have you seen percy jackson?
Have you seen Blade III?
Did you see doctor strange yet?
Would you rate Dark Knight as the best action movie of all time?
Do you like action films?
Do you think bruce willis is a good actor
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy?
What did you think of the remake of the movie "Point Break"?
I saw Taken on You Tube last night.
Hi.
Who is a great action hero?
You remember that True Lies movie?
My favorite Bruce Willis movie is Die Hard.
I like Clint Eastwood. Did you ever see Gran Torino?
Have you watched any good action films lately?
Do you like action movies?
I thought that The Last Boy Scout was an underrated action flick.
Which of the Expendables movies was your favorite?
Did you like Thor?
Why does every action movie have to have some boring female character?
What is your favorite kind of action movies
What's your favorite action movie?
Did you see The Great Wall?
Did you see Kong: Skull Island yet?
One of my favorite movies is Snakes on a Plane.
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
I just saw The French Connection.
Would you say that Robocop is a satirical action film?
Are you going to watch the Transformer: Last Knight?
I wonder if they'll make another Indiana Jones.
I just saw the first Magnificent Seven movie.
Did you see the new Mad Max movie.
What is your favorite Die Hard movie?
Kill Bill 1 or 2: which do you prefer?
I love these little movies
Have you ever seen The Running Man?
I just watched Mad Max Fury road.
John Wick 2 is a beautifully shot film.
I want you to tell me quickly what is the best action movie of all time?
Have you seen fast five?
What you think of Jurassic World
Did you ever see Con Air?
We just watched John Wick 2 the other night.
What's your favorite action movie that is based on a television show?
Did you like any of Patrick Swayzes action films?
Hardcore Henry was such an invigorating action movie!
The Raid: Redemption is one of the best action movies ever.
I really liked the Leathal Weapon movies.
What is the latest action film you saw?
Did anyone get to see Jurassic World yet?
Die Hard is one of my all time favorite movies.
Do you like Stallone movies?
It is hard to choose a favorite action movie or actor.   Which ones do you like?
So, what makes an action movie an action movie?
What is your favorite action movie franchise?
So, Mark, what's the best action movie of all time?
I just saw Ghost in the Shell last weekend.
Do you like action movies?
Hey, are you excited for the new transformers movie?
I just watched the Expendables, have you seen it?
have you heard of  avatar?
Have you seen the action movie, Escape Plan?
Have you ever seen a Sinbad movie?
Hey
Hi.
We wanted to go to the movies but there isn't much in.
We haven't seen Heat in a while.
The Dark Tower is coming out soon.
What did you think about Suicide Squad?
What was the weakest Action movies of all time?
Have you ever seen the movie Blue Streak?
I just saw Jason Bourne.
You know what they need to remake?  Lethal Weapon.
Have you seen Lethal Weapon?
Have you seen the new Logan movie yet?
I saw Lethal Weapon again on tv last night.
Do you like the Indiana Jones series?
I like will smith in his action roles
Did you like the terminator Genysis?
Did you ever get to go see Kong: Skull Island?
Did you watch guardians of the galaxy Vol 2?
I thought the avengers was a good action movie
The latest Jack Reacher film, Never Go Back is so improbable. Reacher is supposedly huge, but actor Tom Cruise is not.
James Franco is one of my favorite actors. Did you see 127 hours?
Hey, have you ever seen the movie Dumb and Dumber?
I just saw the first Mad Max.
I loved that movie, Die Hard.
hey, yesterday's movie was awesome huh?
Did you ever get it to any of Quentit Tarentino's movies?
Have you seen the commercial for the transformers movie?
Any good action movies you can suggest for us?
What is a good action movie to watch?
If fans had a vote, what do you think they would vote as best action movie?
Have you seen Central Intelligence with The Rock?
Which of the Mission Impossible movies did you like the most?
So James Bond movies, which ones are best?
Hey Tony, let's go to a movie tonight!
What was your favorite Matrix movie?
I wonder if they'll do another Sherlock Holmes movie.
Hey there.
What's your favorite action movie?
Do you remember Roy Scheider?
Do you like action movies with a love story built in.
I saw The Revenant last night.
I want to watch an action movie that is about sports.
For action movies i really enjoy the matrix
Man did you see that movie that jackie chan was in
Have you seen Terminator 2?
I was flipping through channels last night and found the movie The Rock.
Are you going to see King Arthur?
Do you watch action movies?
Have you ever seen The Matrix?
Do you want to go see Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales?
I just saw Jack Reacher.
Did anyone get to see the Fate of the Furious yet?
Hi.
Did you ever see Speed?
Do you like Rush Hour?
Which actor do you think wreck most of the famous sports car he drives?
Are you a fan of the Die Hard movies?
My favorite action movie has to be Rambo.
Did you see Gladiator?
You big into the Avengers movies?
Do you like action movies?
I just watched the movie Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2. Have you seen that movie?
Have you seen mad max?
Okay. Top action move by Arnold Schrwarzenegger?
Did you see Lethal Weapon?
Are you one of those who is mad that the star of Mad Max wasn't Max?
Are you going to see John Wick?
What is your favorite action movie?
Did you catch the new Point Break movie?
What was the best Lord of the Rings movie?
Have you seen Taken?
Have you seen the movie Karate Kill?
I might watch it.
They jump hundreds of feet in the air while playing soccer.
Exactly
Because he is pretty cool
He really did. It's too bad we haven't seen him in much since then.
I have to agree.
That'd be strange.
Me either
Yeah, it ended up with some really good fight scenes and bullet dodging.
Who knows, maybe one day we'll be reading about Johnny Depp, commandeering a boat!
He's pretty good.
You should, the cars are amazing.
Ruby Rod!
Yeah, I'll never watch that.
I think the bad guy is better. That where he pretends to be a cop and kidnaps the girl is really memorable
I guess she died in the end
I heard they made most of that scene black and white because there was too much gratuitous blood.
He was a great bad guy.
Yes, he portrayed him well, but he's supposed to be Spanish but doesn't have an accent!
Yes, rated R and very violent, but I really liked it
He was good in the fast and furious movies, Central Intelligence, etc.
Yes I would love to see the new Wonder Woman movie with you. I love that actress Gal Gadot.
True, the acting was great as well.
There are only two real choices. Salt or Lara Croft. Lara Croft wins.
Thats what I think too. It was definitely an action comedy in my view
Ooooh, that actually makes sense
Well, yeah, but I don't think I'd go ballistic like that.
I agree.  So did Angelina Jolie and Nicholas Cage!
Hmmm, I don't remember that scene.
Let's go watch the first movie right now!
Well, the same thing over and over. Kid gets taken, he kills bad guys, gets the kid, ending.
Yea, so do I!
Cool.  Who was in it?
I have just the movie for you. Do you like foreign movies?
Me too, that movie is so cool
Which one
Yes I actually saw it with my dad when it came out in theaters.
What is that one?
I might.
Yes i love them
Yes I have seen all of them and I loved them.
You know I do. I love an action packed Pirate movie!
Did you like it?
I saw it, it was fantastic! I love the cars!!!
Hello.
The movie from the 90's?
Who is in that one?
ha, it's gonna be Daniel Craig, the famous 007
I used to be but it's been so long since I've seen one of them. I saw the one where they foiled the Russians' plans.
Which one of the 12?
The one that won best picture in 2000?
I thought the first one was okay, but the subsequent ones were a bit much
I love action movies.  Especially the 90's etc.
Yes I just watched that movie the other day. I thought it was a great movie. How did you like it?
Yes, it was great.
That's easy. Commando.
Which one?
Yes and no.
Chapter Two?
Definitely Gone In 60 Seconds.
No, I heard about it, but didn't see it
That's a nearly impossible question to answer.  They were all exceptional.
With Liam Neeson?
I think so, is that the one where the guy's sister gets kidnapped?
Leonardo DiCaprio.
I do. What is this movie you speak of?
It gives you a totally different perspective on life
The action one
Wow that was a long time ago. What did you think of it?
A great action movie with Nick Cage and Sean Connery.
I like the actors.
I liked the mummy movies
I really liked the first two, but the last one didn't make sense to me.
Me too. I wonder how it will hold up to the other ones.
Yes, I'm a Tom Cruise fan.
Oh yes, that is so much fun to see all those beautiful flying cars!
If you could be a character from an action movie who would you be?
That's the one.  Keanu Reeves was in it.
Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker
yes indeed, he always get  laid with gorgeous women as well
Oh that's the one where Bruce Willis spent the entire time with a headache.
I'm prettey sure they only made 4.
Yup, with Russel Crowe.
Oh really, how so?
I loved action movies with Arnold, Stallion, Van Damn, and Segal.
I thought it was a really great movie as well. I love the mixture of both action and humor.
How about you?
All the movies he's done, and you go to Commando?
Any of them
Uh-oh, are you about to get sexist?
Of course.
Ohhh that is a great movie!
I saw it. It was terrible.
I'm with you.  The third probably had the best action.
Yes.
Yea that's the one! It was pretty crazy huh?
Who directed it?
There is a movie called Shaolin Soccer that might be what you are looking for.
Its really neat
Well he has been in alot of them
I thought it was far better than the first.
I remember that one.
Who's in it?
Those were good
Yeah it was kind of weird how they ended the series.
I think they've done really well so far. Each Pirates of the Caribbean movie seems better than the last.
Who directed it?
If I had the money , I would have twenty cars in my garage!
Oh, interesting question.
Also had Sandra Bullock I think.  Launched her to stardom.
Oh, that is a very funny movie
except the relationship never worked in the end, just like the way he is with his cars
Yes it really made you feel his pain. He's just a great action star all around.
OK, so which of the 4?
Yes, and my marching band performed the music from it.
Well a lot of action and not much acting
What about Blade, with Wesley Snips?
Who was your favorite character in the movie?
Yes, I saw this movie a few months ago and it was great.
It's a good story and It's got Alyssa Milano in it.
I saw the first one forever ago.
No. She did a great job in her role.
No. Probably not.
I love all of the cool cars and how they're always racing.
Not like the original?
Do you mean the big battle at the end at the gates of Mordor or the one outside the city?
I have seen the first one, is there not like eight of them?
Yea, it was kind of weird though.
Answer.sentence5
i agree!. he really is suitable for the role
He created a spy that had human flaws and wasn't perfect.
Why though
Yeah.
Yes the Panzer fight was cool, but that german machine gun just chopping off soldiers leg was wicked.
Takashi Shimura
That is the best line! That molten metal dude was pretty cool too.
They made a sequel, you know.
Harrison Ford did a great job in that movie as the doctor.
Stephen Chow, he also plays Sing in the movie.
He was overwhelmed.  The T1000 was the superior machine.
ok, if you want action, that is the right choice
Yeah, A Good Day to Die Hard was insanely awful.
When did it come out?
Mel Gibson.
Yes, but this was one of his earlier works.
Me too, what was his real name?
Transformers
I think it would have been fine if they didn't rush it.
How bout another great action movie?
You have a point, I especially like when Chuck Norris shoots the radio after the one terrorist leaders offers to negotiate.
That's true.
Do you have a favorite one?
It's starts as a romance but it's a pure action movie. I was surprised when I found out Ben Kingsley and Anthony Hopkins were also in this!
See, I always thought that was a bit overrated.  I prefer Casino Royale.
Which ones are good.
Yea, the way they slow-motion dodged bullets was really cool.
I haven't seen too many of his newer films, I heard the Mission Impossible Films are pretty good.
Yes, I did , that was one of my favorite movies.
red pill or the blue pill?
Oh wow, I've never heard that before, do you know where the scene was actually filmed?
Oh, yeah. Clive Owen was in that one.
He was like this cool contract killer, him and the other guy?
Yeah, it makes you feel for the guy! I like The Last Crusade.
Sure think about it for a bit.
Which part are you referring to?
If it was my daughter, I'd go nuts too on them.
Yes i read all the books and eatched all the movies
With Arnold Schwarzenegger?
Do you have one that you like the most?
It is starring Bruce Lee.
Well my favorite is a star wars scene
I cant spoil it for you though!
Danika Yarosh plays a teenager.  She's pretty good.
Brad Pitt has the lead role.
Nicolas Cage is such a versatile actor, he can do almost anything.
Yes it shows a guerilla revolution movement in Germany.
I still rewatch it every year
It's a great action movie.  If you like those types of movies, definitely check it out.
Yeah, me too.
I did like seeing some background information on the character Rita Repulsa though.
Do you think the comics are action comics?
Did you know that it is based on a true story?
Do you remember President Whitmore's motivating speech in the first movie?
I've always like the whole "guy with two guns" thing he does in each film
yeah we will have to rent it again on blu ray, its defiantly worth the price
That sounds very intense. Are there good fighting scenes?
Yes, what did you think of it?
Yes, look for the great action scenes that take place.
What do you like most about them?
Less than week after his wife dies, the idiot son of his former boss, invades his home, beats him, kills his dog, and steals his car.
How could you say that? The Pacifier was amazing!
Luc Besson, who went on to do Taken and Lucy.
Yeah, that was pretty good. No shoes.
What's that?
Okay, but you have to admit Lethal Weapon 2 also had crazy fun Riggs.
Peter Quill and his fellow Guardians are hired by a powerful alien race, the Sovereign, to protect their precious batteries from invaders.
No. What is it about?
I don't blame him. They should've just left him alone.
He is a great director too.
Really? I never saw it. Is it good?
The one where the dude flew through the window
Why is that?
They actually did a good job.
Those are great.
I think Captain America played the best role.
No it is not
Really? I can't picture Arnold Schwarzenegger in Die Hard.
He's 65.
Well no and yes.
Right.  It was a pretty cool movie.  Violent.
Well, particularly, I am interested in Dunkirk.
Yup. So, opinions?
I don't know, kind of too serious for me. I liked Roger Moore.
Well, Casey Ryback(Steven Seagal) is on a train with his niece, when it is hijacked by terrorists looking to use a top secret particle beam satellite to destory Washington
Yeah, that was a very emotional scene and very well-directed.
So, it's not as suspense driven?
He just does too much now.
I agree, no matter how others judge the nature of his movies, you can't deny the explosions, haha
Is Joe Pesci in that one?
Ha! He was a much better actor that politician.
Totally forget about movies sometimes, theres so many.
Yes, this was still when the Cold War was up and running
Yes
For me it's Fists of Fury. That black and yellow suit is the same one Uma Thurman wore in Kill Bill.
Yeah, So who were the other guys again?
Such a good movie. The bigger films are a bit stale, as usual
And they kept getting caught too.
The fight scene where he keeps doubling the best was cool too.
I would agree with you there.  Heath Ledger's performance was an all-timer.
It's from 2010. They were mercenaries.
Yeah, they both get to play the good and bad guy.
Did you like Bloodsport?
Brad Pitt, Henry Thomas, Anthony Hopkins, and Julia Ormond.
the plot is pretty much the same
What makes those your favorite?
Yes, he will play Luke again, but from the trailers he seems a bit darker.
Nice, I'll check it out.
I can see why you gave up on the Transformers franchise. Michael Bay is going to give you action but nobody has ever said he knew how to work together a good concept to present through all those explosions and crashes.
Me too, the last couple of movies that Michael Bay put out have been hit or miss.
I gotta say Die Hard was still surprising good after all this time.
That had Jason Statham in it.
Take your time.
Well it's not very politically correct in these times because of all the police incidents.
That was just practice as he was looking for the creeps that had destroyed his family.
It is! But it is just so terrible that it happened to be great. They obviously blew their budget on the Hulkster.
And this one had lots of action and suspense
Well, it's based on a true story so they couldn't deviate from that much.
Yeah they were cutting edge at the time.
They were. Can't picture any other actors being in those movies.
A French detective's son is kidnapped for cocaine.
Yeah, I can see that. Seems like it was more about Furiosa and Immortan Joe than about Max
Yes, it did.
two of the best fighters ever going against each other.
Hahaha, that's so true.
But it was very deserving.  Great performances, great direction...
This one is much simpler.
There were a lot of good fight scenes in that movie.
Yes, his movies are almost always good.
Is Gerard Butler back in it?
What was the last one you saw?
What did you think of the diner scene?
I think Matt Damon brings such a charisma on to the screen. In The Great Wall he plays a thief that ends up helping this Dynasty protect their walls from these demon monsters.
Oh right, that was pretty good. A lot of cool effects.
Best little techy in the business!
His best one may be Gran Torino.
It gives you a good look into the criminal underground in the United Kingdom.
I am a huge fan of the 2nd one.
I think that if they'd had more time to work on it, it would have been a lot better.
I could still watch it over and over till this day.
..and Marvin says "man I ain't even got an opinion." This triggers Vincent to turn around to ask him again.
But yeah, the Predator is a classic villain.
Dude he's freakin adorable
Do you have an all time favorite.
Yea, he is a really good actor when it comes to action movies
Yeah, I don't know why they do this. This is really bad.
I noticed that this movie has grossed already $260 million dollars already and its not even toward the first weekend yet!
The fight scenes were intense although some of the action was over the top.
I don't know, he was pretty good in "10 Things I Hate About You."
I will. What happens in this movie?
Yes, but i loved Darryl Hannah.
Oh my, he really did! You get to fall in love with the soft side of Deadpool.
Have a favorite?
Andy Serkis.
Did you catch the twist at the ending?
they're adults when we see them. they call the bad guy father but he's really twisted
The guy who played Dumbledore?
I can't believe Tom Cruise is still bankable as an action hero at his age.
He is in there he makes a surprise appearance, but his character was so funny.
I guess Hollywood is struggling for good action movies. Have you seen reviews?
No arguments there. I had no idea Prometheus was a prequel for the Alien movies.
Humans are at war with the Transformers, and Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving the future lies buried in the secrets of the past and the hidden history of Transformers on Earth
Yeah but it was crazier when they tried to kill him by locking him in the boat and sinking it.
Jackie Chan plays a martial artist who fights while drunk.
Me too. I wish his character wasn't killed off. But he did a fantastic job.
Who played that Bond again?
Indeed. The second John Wick movie felt like it needed to end on a cliffhanger to have another sequel just to do well.
What was the last action movie that you saw?
One action movie that I love that doesn't get enough credit is Conan the Barbarian.
I've watched the film many times, and it's amazing how beat up John gets over the course of the film, but he keeps on fighting, and he's really believable.
No, they are action. Police and guns and terror.
Cool me too.
They were so good
And Matt Damon ain't getting younger.  He must be at least 40 now.
Who's next in line?
Audrey Tautou, from Amelie.
Yes, I loved it. A lot of action.
Not sure if I ever followed the actual story line
Would you recommend it?
Me neither.
I'll give you that, but better than some of Jackie Chan's early stuff? Better than The Terminator?
I was thinking about it. Is it good?
Antoine Fuqua.
What was  your favorite part?
So what is the movie about? Origin story or something else?
Jason Stathum has got to be one of the best action movie stars today.
It really cemented Chow Yun-Fat as an action hero.
Well stop taking your time
It's always fun seeing those types of movies.
Fanfic?
That sounds interesting, is it about a gun?
The only one I remember was Die Another Day.
Yes he does a good job as an agent
Clint Eastwood is a serious director.
Luc Besson, from Taken.
Didn't he let his friend almost rip Tony's heart thing out?
Oh I see, well dont spoil it for me.
What about action movies?
I think I liked it so much because it seemed so real.
It is missing the bombastic set pieces
I knew that something bad would need to happen to shake up the story but I wasn't expecting the death.
You can only film the destruction of the world so much.
Have you seen any other action movies lately?
Dwayne Johnson, The Rock, is also in several of those films.
And what a great villian.
I am surprised he would do this kind of film
It definitely is, its one of my favorite mafia movies.
Just trust me on that
Then you need to watch this movie you will love it
I agree. But, part 2 was pretty cool.
Then there's Charles Bronson, playing Bernardo O'Reilly, who's down and out.
That's true, like how this football player who's never had a fight in his life is suddenly going up against top fighters.
Oh yes, they died so many times it was crazy.
I wonder how long she has to work out to look so buff.
But what about hardcore Henry, that was an amazing action film.
That movie is just great. It will never be boring no matter how many times you watch it.
I remember the sequel, too, The Cradle of Life.
What are your top 3.
It was really fun
They had too much going one in them.
I like Liam Neeson. I watch a lot of his movies.
especially when she was buried alive and had to punch her way out of the coffin.
Nah i speak the truth
That movie was too ridiculous.  The premise alone was dumb.
Those sound cool.
Why do you say that?
Tom Hiddelston, Brie Larson, Samuel L Jackson and John Goodman were all in this one!
Did you think Danny Glover was a good fit.
He is really a master. Like with Pulp Fiction when Samuel L. Jackson is in the house with those small time drug dealers.
John woo
That's too easy. "Home Alone." I bet you think of that as a Christmas movie, don't you?
Yeah, but Batman was a little lacking.
Wonderwoman was amazing! It really was directed well with plenty of great action near the end.
I havent seen it, is it good?
It's so cool how he was a robot terminating people.
Keanu Reeves, Ruby Rose, Ian McShane to name a few.
He usually does write novel type of movies.
Yes.
What about Judgement Day? Everyone says that one is better.
The plot was incredible and it kept me on the edge of my seat the entire movie.
I thought it was better than the first. It had way more assasins in it.
I know he is funny but He is the bomb in action
Yeah.
Basically, there's a clan of ninjas.
Bruce Lee. Hands down.
I would agree with you there since they killed his dog.
Do you like action?
The Marvel one?
Jim Carrey.
Interesting.  Are there any other action movies you feel strongly positive about?
Mark Wahlburg, Isabella Moner, and Anthony Hopkins is even in this one.
The original Predator was a classic.
Do you have a favorite or favorites?
Oh my god I forgot about Sin City that Frank Miller comic was great
No it was packed full of action.
No. We will have to watch.
I can't wait to see it, I am a big Wonder Woman fan.
I cant imagine kids killing each other
Colin Firth, yes,
Furiosa is a kick ass role for any women, but glad charlize was the one to land it.
I don't think so. Who's in it?
No, no, this was made back when his biggest things were Bad Boys 2 and Point Break.  So, they movie does a lot of send up of those films.
It is a supernatural action movie where Kurt Russel saves the world.
It wasnt that bad of a movie
Sure i love movies
Hope Lange.
Yeah, some of the political things really foreshadowed today didn't it.
We watched it when it first came out. They actually have it on T.V. now.
It is just unrelenting
Yeah, his Bourne films were really good.
Yea he had a lot of memorable ones.
Hes a great actor
I know what you mean.
Yes it is the definition of a classic.
Me too I like when he beat the Russian.
Pretty forgettable.  He's not a very likeable hero and the action scenes were bland.
Jason Statham took over the reboot.
Ha that is true. Nothing says christmas like die hard.
Tom Cruise plays in this one, and hos movies usually are fantastic.
Me too
You didn't like it at all?
he got totally lucky in that scene as the bad guys had him outnumbered
So it was more of a thriller?
Is that the one with Keanu Reeves?
I have not seen anyone perform it as good
Precisely! It fun because the crew reminds me of a motley crew.
Can't believe the first one was released in 1991! It's still a classic movie and one of my favorites.
Pierre Morel.
Yep.
Yes, it was amazing.
Which seems weird as she doesn't seem like a sex symbol.
Alan Rickman was a formidable villain, too.
The car was nice in the movie also.
Charlize Theron does a good fight scene.
I'm really into dystopian action movies, a lot of them start out as books and are translated onto screen really well.
Willis played a private eye down on his luck and Wayans was the Pro Football player.
What about the third?
It made me a little sad though
Predator didn't have a female character and it was awesome.
Well i love ones like kung fu films
It had such good actors and the directors really took it to the next level
Did you see all of the Bourne movies?
Me too, I really liked how they incorporated the giant animals on the island, that was really cool.
He just has so many great lines in that.
Everything exspecally when he lock her in the basement for 6 month with no food
Roy Scheider wasn't bad, either.
Yeah, I especially enjoyed the commercial for the 6000-SUX.
No, please remind me
I'd tend to agree.
It was based on a Japanese movie.
I also liked Tom Hardy.
Yep.  A lot more was on the line since they could crash planes.
Yeah but it's a bit TOO much and not believable.
Yeah the action is very well scripted and done really well
Ever seen Total Recall?
Yes it was.  Then I wanted to watch the original so i did.  Mel Gibson looked really young.
The editing is particularly impressive in that there are actually a lot of long takes.
Okay i'll give you that, but I would at least rank Taken a little bit higher than Crank I think Liam does a great job
Its the most interesting one
What you think about Avengers: Infinity Wars?
He was so funny!
Well the second one is just as good.
That is a great film and I especially enjoyed Tommy Lee Jones's character.
That one.
Sharlto's character plays the helper for the main character as he's always giving directions and helpful advice. Haley plays his wife and the doctor that puts him together.
Oh god and then after that it just keeps on being this relentless martial arts movie.
Ha! Type casting!
Do you like the other X-Men films?
Bryce Dallas Howard played in this one.
That too, and the plot twists.
All of them or one in particular
Sure, "The Duke" was one of the greatest of all time and Clint Eastwood sure had a good run of it.
No doubt. Then there's the chase in The French Connection. That was a new action movie high, too.
What action movie do you hate?
And I'm going to be watching that one when I die.
I thought she did a really good job. The role fit her well.
Its a great movie
Yea I agree, they've gotten a little crazy with the special effects.
I was looking forward to seeing Jason Statham. He didn't disappoint.
i know i loved it.
No, it's not that old, and I watched it last night.
It is a holiday movie about two people trying to get toy for their kids.
Same just watching some old flicks
Same here.
Is that the one where he's in China and fights along side them.
Deniro, Paccino, Killmer...
It should be good as Idris Elba plays the main character.
Okay.
Good point.
Luke Wilson and Martin Lawrence. They are hilarious.
Julia Stiles is in it but she gets killed.
But one of the better ones recently done.
Yeah it was packed with action.
It's about him trying to just get by.He's a drunk.
Gary Busey.
He really was. And Sean Connery playing his father was excellent.
You know odd seeing him in those roles
I liked Matt Smith in it.
Scientists, soldiers and adventurers unite to explore a mythical, uncharted island in the Pacific Ocean.  They find an uncharted island, which turns out dangerous.
I also like how they can be good guys, but still act bad.
It is
In The Usual Suspects they were doing one last caper.
What about the Spider Man movies with him in?
Yeah, he is a very bankable comedic actor.
George Miller.
Who played the villian in that one? I can't remember.
max really cared about the robot.
He has some good stuff.
We should watch it on fire stick this weekend.
Is that the one with Ethan Hawke?
Me either. Especially after seeing him play the good guy so much.
Is it old?
Did you like it?
That had a really funny line in it, and Simon Pegg is hilarious.
I love the action in them. So much all the time.
What are you talking about? There are tons of good action movies!
For me, the original was the best.  The gunfights were awesome in it.
At any rate, if they don't do another in that series, I'm sure they'll reboot.
Got a favorite?
Who was your favorite character?
It was called Sorcerer.
Wow, I just noticed it does.
Alejandro
That sounds interesting. What happens in it?
Keanu reeves does a great job
Oh i thought he was a comedy actor
Right that's because special effects had evolved a lot since the 80's.
Good movie. I ended up watching it again.
The main guy from Sons of Anarchy.
Do you plan on watching the new one?
I really loved how they displayed the virus of the program as 'agents'.
I don't know, I'm still a fan of the first one. I doubt anything will top that.
Christopher McQuarrie.
What was the movie about?
Take your time.
That movie had tons of great set pieces.  It was original too.
Have you seen the second one?
haha, that's spot on
Have you seen him in Pulp Fiction?
First Blood.
What did you think?
Yeah, I guess that's true
Those were awesome movies.  He kicked ass in them.
I really like the character Yondu Udonta. Who is your favorite character?
I can't disagree with you on that one.
Whatever. Okay, greatest Bruce Willis action movie?
Yeah same here.
So what's everyone's issue?
Why?
I thought that was pretty good too.  I liked the stunts they did while driving.
No way, the original was great.
Pick either one.  There were tons of good examples in that movie.
I think there are three. What did you think.
Why did you think it was weird?
It came out in the 80's
I did! It was so funny.
Yours?
Did you like the newer one, the Casino Royal?
There are tons of action movies, but few have really god character development or interesting plot.
Sure, but the second one had the freeway battle.
True. There's like a gazillion Holmes movies.
I would probably say The Fifth Element.
Definitely Sean Connery's character
What was the plot?
Yep. All the Rambo movies had lots of guns and a bit of love too.
Anybody else in it?
A team of misfits goes against some corrupt people.
Yes he is perfect for the part
No he mainly did action for awhile
That's true. What's your favorite scene of the movie?
Sean Connery is such a great actor.
Ooh, he is good. As Arthur.
Yes i cant wait to see it
I like how in the second movie they show the agents all forming into one more powerful agent.
That's true, I feel like that was the first time Johnny Depp realized that deep down he is a pirate.
Anybody else in it?
Well Dom and his team go into retirement of sorts, but had to be called out of it due to some unexpected villains.
I really love the fifth element, so bruce willis' character in that.
Dennis Hopper was awesome in that movie.  He played a truly good bad guy.
I think so.
so which bonds movie do you like the best?
Of course I have. Loved him in that too.
That was pretty spot on.
Honestly, it did NOT deserve best picture.
Plus too many one-liners and campy characters
I also am a big fan of Jason Stathem, Jet Lee, Jackie Chan, etc.
I really love the main character star-lord. The character is so funny and I enjoy watching the actor play him.
What did you like about it?
Easy. No question. Die Hard.
Mel Gibson was pretty funny in it.
It's called Mad Max, and it's not about Mad Max. It's about Furiosa.
I didn't really care for the first one.
I know.  It was incredible!  I can't believe what those cars are capable of!
Yeah, I liked the original. Had it all
I always thought that Helms Deep from the second movie was my favorite.
Well, I think he is a bad parent.
It was just kind low budget.
Lukas Haas from Witness.
That sounds great. Is there anything else you can tell me about it?
Over all they are great movies
Well that is news to me
Definitely the motorcycle and truck chase between Arnold Schwarzenegger and the T-1000.
Ed Harris isn't bad, but seems he's always a bad guy.
Yup. And Jude Law.
Me either
I think the first matrix is probably Keanu Reeves best movie ever.
A Captain at that! He has started to look more piratey over the years.
The great Werner Herzog.
Who is in the movie?
Oh good choice love that movie.
It's too bad they ruined it with Speed 2.
Do you like part 1 or 2 better?
I think I love royal casino the most, we have Eva Green and Austin Martin in it, and of course casino
Quentin Tarantino is an excellent action director. Have you seen Kill Bill?
I really liked Brian Denehey.
Why not?
Any other comic book action movies that you like?
Good call, those guys are great.  I love Stathem in the last Fast and Furious movie.
Who is the actor that plays star-lord? I remember him on the movie Passengers but can't recall his name.
I liked the amount of steady action in the movie.
Agreed. Greatest Van Damme action movie?
I didnt mind Danny Glover's character either.
Sort of. It's Mad Max: Fury Road.
I thought it was great.
How about that Shelby?
Yes, action, parachuting, football on the beach.
That one definitely had a very intimate feel since the scale was grand, but centralized.
How so?
Yea that's true, but the fighting was so cool!
Wow, I remember him.
They defy gravity. The stunts in this movie are insane.
Yes, they should have came out with more
It should not be surprising to be honest
That's my favorite too. Probably one of the greatest chases in history period.
He does. He does do a lot of good action movies.
Who's he going to be?
I was excited when i heard about it
I totally agree with you. He is a really cool actor for that role.
He really has. He plays the role so well, its easy to get immersed in the movie.
Nice,  Was it based on a book?
Charlize Theron, Vin Diesel of course, the normal crew, even Kurt Russell was in on this one.
Yeah it's a classic.
Never saw it.  Weren't they on a cruise ship?
I prefer the first one.
If I remember right, it has a sad ending
I most certainly have. My favorite scene in part 1 is when she went on a killing spree in that club where O-Ren Ishii was.
The cop?
Well, the action is great, but the rest is awful.
I really liked the new Logan movie
He was funny in it and kicked the hell out of everyone.
The actor who plays star-lord is Chris Pratt ofcourse. I hope they come out with a third Guardians of the Galaxy soon.
Yes, it's hard to find great action these days.
Uh, been a while since I've seen one. The only one I remember is the one where he's on a train.
Would you say that was an action movie?
That's what I said.
He freaked out because they killed his dog.
I know.  That car was hot!  I would have loved to have been the actor that got to drive that car!
Football on the beach?
It helped that they were so outnumbered.
He keeps letting his kid get abducted.
Yea the fighting was amazing.
Yes, he was cool.  The movie was powerful.
I want to watch this. How do they defy gravity?
They really should have
Why though
I agree. Edward Furlong did a great job for that being his breakout role.
Yes, but Nick Cage is better in movies.
I'm not sure. Merlin?
Me too i didnt know they were coming out with anymore
Its amazing how much time and effort they put into making the first matrix movie.
I agree. I don't think anyone could do a better job than him.
The Lee Child series.
Sounds great, I definitely want to see it.
I love Chris Tucker's character.
Yep.
Why is that?
yeah, the girl got a deal with some bad dudes, and she has to give away all the money bonds earned at the casino
That was a killer scene, literally. No holds barred there.
Yeah, the Sherrif
Did you think he was the right actor?
Oh yeah I heard that one was pretty intense
The Rock is one of my favorite all time action heroes.
I hope they do as well. Next week I am going to see the new Wonder Woman movie. Would you like to go with me?
Yes, I will have to agree the action was great.
Greatest Angelina Jolie action movie?
yeah, I mean why not?
No, it's about the road.
Have you ever owned a dog?
I thought Vin Diesel did a great job in that movie.
Yeah, that was how Johnny Utah got in with Swayze and gang
I'll have to watch the series again to give you the best answer.
But, that is the whole plot.
I hope they come out with a part 2.