Do you like the New York Yankees?
Did you see the game last night Between the Astros and cubs?
Did you see that Game last night? 13 innings is insane! I can't believe how it ended!
Did you see CC Sabathia's last start? He was lights out.
MLB clubs had a total revenue of over $10 billion last year.
I don't know about the NHL.
How about Chris Sale?
Where did the Tigers play baseball last night?
That was an impressive win by the Brewers against the Cubs.
The bases are loaded.
Did ya'll see the Nationals and Pirates game yesterday?
Did you see the World Series last year?
How long have you been a fan?
do you even watch basketball?
Did you see the Dodgers game last night?
I've never been that interested in baseball.
Hi.
Is Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner still on the DL?
Do you think they can speed the game up anymore?
Hi
Did you see the Cincinnati Reds baseball game last night?
Tribe play tonight?
Do you follow baseball
Did you see the scuffle between Joey Bats and the Braves?
Hey. Do you know when baseball season starts?
Did you see the padres' new line up?
Did the Mets play last night?
Hey are you here I am at Wrigley field?
Did you see the Nationals game Thursday?
How much do you put into a pitchers record?
Did you see that Derek Jeter had his number retired the other day?
do you like to watch baseball
Did you see the Pirates and Nationals game yesterday?
Do you think the Yankees will make it to the post-season this year?
How in the world are the Minnesota Twins leading the AL Central
Did you see last night's baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and New York Yankees?
How are the Nats doing this season?
How about them Cubs beating the Reds?
Who is the first traded player this year?
So what do you think about the Sox this year?
The SEC baseball tournament is the weekend after next
I love Montreal.
So you're going to be on my new baseball team, right?
Did you see the Dodgers beat the Marlins last night?
Did you hear that MLB has an agreement with Facebook to allow Facebook to broadcast a game ever Friday, with no blackouts?
Are we at a point where steroids may have been better for the game?
Afternoon.
Boy the Mets are really spiraling out of control.
Did you see the cubs game?
Did you see the Tigers play the Rangers last night?
Hey Steve, you seem to know a lot about baseball. Care to see how much you know?
Did you watch the Dodgers game last night?
Did you hear about what Cincinnati's Joey Votto said to that kid?
Did you know the a baseball had 88 stitches on it.
Why are so many Mets players getting hurt?
How bout those Giants?
Hi
The Astros are great this year
The Houston Astros are smoking hot right now!
What time is Eric's ball game today?
Man the Houston Astros are on fire.
Did you watch the Pirate game yesterday?
What inning is the current game in?
Have you watched much baseball yet this season?
I think that steroids in baseball were the greatest thing to happen.
Who do you think is the best team in baseball?
Hey, let's go to a baseball game. It's supposed to be a nice day.
The Texas Rangers have got to do better on the road.
Do you like the Dodgers?
What do you think is an acceptable batting average?
What did you think of that bat flip?
Afternoon.
Did they high school have their last ball game last night?
Hey did you see the Reds and Cubs game yesterday?
Who's on 1st.
Did you see the last Mets game?
The Subway series is coming soon
Hey, you know what I like? Baseball!
Hello
Did you see the Brewers are now in first place?
Could an MLB team go undefeated playing a college schedule?
Did you just a that?
Hi
Do you watch baseball often?
Have you heard about the Knuckleballer who is the 1st woman in West Coast League?
Are you a baseball fan like I am?
Do you think the Pirates have a chance at getting to the World Series this year?
How excited do you get about the All Star game?
Would you like to go to a ball game?
The best hotdog ever.
Did you watch the Braves and Blue Jays last night?
You see that twins game last night?
What do you think about Pete Rose?
Did you see the Giants extra inning game the other night?
Hi
What did you think of last night's Yankees Royals game?
Can you believe those Colorado Rockies?
I don't know about America.
The Rockies are playing the Reds this evening
Where did the nationals begin their baseball history?
Did you see the Phillies game yesterday?
I can't believe the Yankees left the picture in after back-to-back home runs!
How about those Yankees this year.
The Philadelphia Phillies are a joke!
So.....do you think that baseball players still retaliate against each other?
The Cubs play the Cardinals Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
Ask some questions to a baseball guru!
What would be the scariest bench clearing team that you could assemble?
Guess who I met?
Hi
Do you think the Cubs repeat this year?
How did the world series begin anyway? It's so stupid. Oh gee, look. We're gonna play for the world Championship. Oh, look, only the Americans are playing.
The cubs lost to the brewers today
So, what do you think about the Cubs this year?
Did you catch the Los Angeles game last night?
Wow, there are a few surprises going on in baseball this year.
What is America's favorite pass time?
Those Orioles pulled off another one
I can't believe the Marlins are still so bad this year.
What a game last night.
Who's the best pitcher in the league right now?
Did you see tonight's Met game?
Why did Harper not get a longer deal?
Did you see the game between the Red Sox and the Indians?
Man did you hear about the new drama in baseball?
Did you see the cubs game last night?
Hey Bill?
Who has the best grass in baseball?
Did you see the game between the Milwaukee Brewers and the  San Diego Padres on Thursday, Mike?
Did you catch the game against the Minnesota Twins and Colorado Rockies?
Are you coming over tonight to go to the game?
who is your favorite mlb team?
Boy I really disappointed in the Toronto Bluejays!
Morning.
Why are the Cubs losing?
Have you been keeping up with the games lately?
What's the fastest fast ball ever measured?
This kid Aaron judge is good. have you seen him?
Did you hear about the baseball umpire getting cheered in Philadelphia?
Do you think what Madison Bumgarner did was not right?
Did you go to the game last night between the Padres and Giants?
Have you heard about MLB agreement with Facebook?
Hey did you see the Yankee game last night
Do you think Pete Rose should be in the hall of fame?
My son has a ball game tonight.
Did you see Jose Batista get hit while up to bat last night?
How do you think the season is going so far?
Whats up with Kyle Schwarber?
I really hope the Orioles can win the division this year.
Who were the Golden Glove winnders on the Giants for 2016?
Are you a baseball fan?
Hi
Wow. The benches cleared in Los Angeles last night!
Can anyone stop the Rangers right now?
Boston's great.
Hey, who is playing tonight?
Hey you see the Cubs at the Reds the other night?
Did you see the Cardinals game on Wednesday?
Hi.
Hey, are you ready for the big game tomorrow?
Did you watch the baseball game?
do you think pete rose should be allowed in the hall of fame
Hey whats chilling i am at the cubs game and it is pretty chill.
I miss the good old days for my Atlanta Braves
Did you see the Phillies game yesterday?
Do you know a lot about baseball?
Hey, how's it going? Did you happen to see the last Pirate's game?
Hey
Did you see the Yankees's game the other night?
The Boston Red Sox are my favorite MLB team.
Why are aluminum bats allowed in the MLB?
Hey do you play any sports?
Dude did you catch the game the other night?
How about those Astros?
Did you see the score last night between the Diamondbacks and the Padres?
Will the Yankees ever be good again
Do you like to sing?
Have you ever played baseball?
What's going on at the border?
The Cubs are finally getting hot!
Where would you put the Phillies in terms of how many years away they are?
I don't like it when you go to a game and there is missive playing as that batters walk up.
Do you like baseball?
Who are you going for this season?
You going to the Yankees game?
Boy the Mets really needed that win last night.
Hey did you see that LSU won the SEC West championship?
Did you hear about Ngoepe ?
Hey there.
I had to help out last night at the kids baseball practice.
Hi.
Hey did you see the baseball game last night?
How do you feel about bench warnings?
Did you hear about Chris Sale, Donny?
Bases have been weird this season.
The Phillies ended their 4 game losing streak last night.
Do you think it was worth the money for the Dodgers to pay 70 million for puige?
The next match is next Tuesday
Are you a Braves fan?
I am not sure but have you seen the current trades going  on in the MLB they are insane.
Did you hear about the old Los Angeles Coach?
How did your brother do in his ball game last night?
The Reds are officially in a slump right now.
Guess what I did at the game.
Hi
What year did baseball start?
Do you know much about the history of baseball?
I am interested in getting into baseball.
Who is the best center fielder of all time?
Have you been watching the Cubs this year?
I wonder how the Brewers and Cubs are dong today.
What's your favorite thing about going to the baseball games with dad?
Will a Deion Sanders kind of player ever show up again?
Who is your favorite MLB team?
Do you think Kershaw is gonna win the Cy Young again?
What did they use in the beginning?
Did you catch the game between the O's  and the blue jays
Mike Trout is having another amazing year for the Angels.
What did you think of the Red Sox off-season moves?
Did you see the Braves Blue Jays game?
Who do you feel is the greatest baseball player of all time?  I have quite a few ideas myself.
Did you see the Marlins game?
Do you think analytics is ruining the game?
Hi.
By far, the strangest thing that has happened in baseball in recent history was White Sox pitcher Chris Sales going nuts with the scissors.
Have you ever hit a home run?
Did you see Werth from the Washington Nationals?
Will any pitcher come near Nolan Ryan's record for no hitters?
Do you like the Boston Red Sox?
Did you see that hot take about fielding rules?
Hi
Did you watch the game between the Braves and Blue Jays the other night?
Do you like baseball?
Did you see that the Brewers will be playing the Cubs this afternoon?
Hi
Who is the best team in the early going?
Hey, can you believe the Rockies?
I went to the game last night.
Did you watch the Yankee's at all this weekend?
What happened to the Kansas City Royals?
Boston's doing awful this year.
Have you been to a ballgame recently?
So what do you think about the Detroit Tigers?
What do you think of the baseball season so far?
What are you doing tonight?
Did you catch the Phillies game yesterday?
Did you see the Nationals game?
Trivia time.
What park is the best in baseball?
The Miami Marlins might as well stop playing baseball.
What a season the Giants are having!
Good morning.
I like that the games are exciting for kids.
I did.
I'd like to get back to a game soon, but its been so difficult with work. I think between Trumbo, Davis, and Machado, it would be so much fun this season. They really are in their zone.
The Yankees did a beautiful job, like always.  It was a very moving ceremony.
Alex Rodriguez. He made over 399 million over his career. So since 1994, that's 22 years, so that's like 18 mill a year
Maybe changing the rules with shooting.
Think he gets the next mega contract?
Yes, it was close though.
Yeah the game was for almost 2 hours at the top of the 6th inning.
This is the best game I've ever seen.
Yeah, one reason is because center fielder Starling Marte is suspended until mid-July for violations.
I predict it will be the Cubs and Indians again.
Yeah, we had such a great time.
have you ever seen a live game.
So did the pitcher get ejected?
Chicago. I also like the Mets.
Oh okay Boston cool.
He's doing great.  He looks like one of the Dead End Kids.  He's only 21 and can hit anything.  But that will all change as he gets older and the pitchers start to get him.
Well who is to tell a manager who he can put it.
Yeah, hard to watch these days.
Whatever he is doing is working.  He should be the All Star shortstop this year.
yep, me too
Of all time it would be johnny bench
I hope he stays in the league forever.
Yankees?!? How is that possible? You live in Chicago
sure
Yea, went right down to the final at bats.
Rodgers is who is on my mind he is awful its like he cannot hit anything five feet in front of eyes.
I think they will do great. I hope the Mariners make it all the way.
I value ERA over everything.
You certainly can. Derek Jeter was a 14x Allstar player, Babe Ruth was only a 2x Allstar player.
yes i know but the red sox arent exactly bad
It depends on whether they have the money.
I don't think Joe Girardi is a very good manager, though. That's just my opinion.
Yeah, but I have to believe that the Cleveland Indians may be the best team in this division.
Yeah, I like the young core that the Yankees have with Judge, Gary Sanchez and Didi Gregorius.
Yes, it was supposed to end after this season, but they managed to sign him to one more year.
They did have a zero to five lose at the Cardinals.
It kills the Yankees philosophy
Hopefully they're in contention come August.
I don't doubt that a bit. Their home stadium has those short alleys in right.
They're good at short-games.
I've never been as good at pitching, though.
Wood, who made his first three appearances of the season out of the bullpen, extended his scoreless innings streak to 20 1/3 innings - spanning three-plus starts.
I think it is very telling that no source I can find discloses how much MLB was paid for this deal, just that it was deal.
I dont see it happening yet
The Red Sox.
Yeah, things had started out so well for this team this year.
Well it's about time they won.
Too bad they didn't pull it together a little sooner. Tigers usually play pretty well, but this season isn't going so good.
Walter Alston
Did you see Turner get hurt?
Ouch! That seems awfully harsh for a baseball star!
No they don't.
And refuse to get MRIs
I bet they can comeback after the all star break.
There's not really an mlb team near me.
3 or 4
Yeah it is a little weird to see them where they are right now.
I know, Eric loved baseball when he started with Coach Roberts.
I haven't seen them play much.
Me too.
It is playing right now on Fox go to it quick.
Crazy how the Royals have stumbled so far.  I think everyone expected them to be better.
True. But what about them being role models?
The deadline is mid-July.
We can't carry all of these to our seats. I guess we'll have to stand here and drink them. We can watch on one of the many high definition screens in this beautiful and still clean concourse.
True, but something about the Rangers always worries me.
Oh yeah, just like all of them back then
Acceptable would be .310
He deserves it.  Most hated man in baseball.
Yeah I played up until high school.
Well, it ended up costed them the game.
Yeah, I have been there too!
Dodgers and Marlins.
Yup, Steven Matz and Seth Lugo should be back soon too.
That's true but they have a lot of guys with injuries
That's as good as a hit. Anything else exciting?
I played a little bit.
Really? And they are still doing that well?
I think college hitters could hit MLB pitchers, but college pitchers would get killed by MLB batters. That being said, I think the MLB team would have at least a couple of off nights. So no, I don't think they could win 50+ straight.
Oral hershiser
Oh neat, who is your favorite player?
Sometimes, I get together with a few friends and we play.
You know Jackie Mitchell was the first female player to play professional baseball.
Do you know why he left the team?
I can't wait to bring my kids one day to see one of those games.  It's like a family tradition.
I am glad they no longer made it have such big implications
It's so boring.
Um They're Muslims. They don't eat pork.
And weren't they in the playoffs last year?
yeah, but he has NO power
He still broke it.
He was so tired after catching all those innings, he was more relieved than joyful.
Yeah I like baseball sure.
I think he's a decent pitcher. He has some wins, just has to get used to the pressure of the big league.
Do you remember who they played?
No, I'm not sure.
Baseball is such a long season, you just have to be able to hang in there.
Do you think they have a chance this year?
Was he a veteran?
It went 15 innings.  It's almost like a double-header.  I was up very late.
Who would of thought, they would be coming through likethey are.
Yeah this team used to have a lot of swagger, but now they are pathetic to watch.
Sure did!  With 3 in the first and 6 more in the second two innings!
I would love for you to go to the game with me.  I made some extra money this week and can afford to let you have them half price.
Brewers for real or do they fall back to earth?
Exactly. How tall is he anyway?
He was giving away baseballs.
I guess it reminds me of my childhood.
They do this every year.
Well, New York Metropolitans is called the New York Mets now. And the MLB didn't exist until 1903, which is most commonly referred to year as the year when the first World Series was played
Yeah, I don't think anyone envisioned them in 1st place at all this season
How are they doing in that category?
Tell me about it. He towers over everyone on the field.
I noticed they have the best record in baseball.
True, not every year is going to be a championship.
For sure and they best thing is that they are only 1/2 game behind the Yankees.
Ouch. And what happened to Yelich? He was so good in the World Baseball Classic.
Wow.
A think a pitcher normally is, and I'd take Kershaw over any other hitter in the league, but not Trout.
We still need a bullpen.
Unless washington does something
Why did he not pitch the whole night?
Why does the government waste time on this stuff?
I had work to do sadly.
Wow  I'm hoping that some day happens to me.
Just a few my self.
They say the computers are giving  them about 2 percent odds of winning the division, about 10 percent of making the playoffs.
Hey, at least we aren't as bad as the 3rd place New York Mets.
Who has the upper hand on pitching?
it would be nice if they could sweep
Yeah it's time. This organization needs a makeover.
That's cool, did you ever play?
That trade is working out.But, GM Dave Dombrokski also seems to have made some dubious moves.
At least. People joke about Boston, but sheesh!
Well the very first thing most of us look at is the stride. Well, actually, to start off there are 6 stages of motion. Windup, stride, arm cocking, arm acceleration, arm deceleration, and follow through. That's what a pitch is.
is he a big dude? like tall?
Wait, he had a fan ejected? I didn't even know they could do that!
Yeah but some guys have hurt themselves playing basketball
Padres should be a AAA ballclub.
Good on MLB for making steps to modernity.
Not bad, we'll need him to have a good year.
So we are just suppose to take his word for it?
Does he like playing there?
I think the Orioles have a better record, but have been in a bit of a slide lately.
No not at all
No, probably not.
In addition, Dylan Bundy has been pitching really well this year for them .
He was pinch hitting.  Good to see him back.
I would have to say babe Ruth is near the top of moist famous.
I'm a fan of the Angels.
I know, it got really heated really fast.
Yeah he only gave up 1 unearned run over 5 innings.
They're not so good.
I saw the Mets last year.
Eh, more like .350.  But I got no complaints.
Yeah, bandwagon fans at best.
I do.  But they're a local team.
Alright.  What brand is it?
I agree
those guys arent in the hall either
I hate to miss that.
Yeah me too, but they have so many holes on this roster, I still think they are a long way away.
I think it could be increased if they let them continue to pitch.
Yeah but it seems so difficult to get drafted
Oh yeah, for sure. They just need to really start picking up games that they shouldn't be losing.
Yeah I like the Tigers.
I agree, Jeter will go down as one of the best Yankees ever.
You see, Red Sox fans would come back and show interest in the team no matter what. But other teams did not have that luxury.
They have a way to quantify that property of a hollow bat. It's called BBCOR
Would you be interested?
so?
It's impossible to predict, I'd just enjoy it while it lasts.
Indeed we will
Most teams hoard their talent
I'm not doing it.
No, but I have heard it is a nice stadium.
That's a little much.
The hitting is really coming together
How?
I don't think they have a say.
OSU is better... at least in basketball. So why'd you start getting into baseball?
And the Astro have very good offense.
I hope they got a new pitcher the last guy was awful.
Yeah he kind of got lucky on that blooper, but the Mets needed some luck
Poche is going to need to be on his A game today though.
As a baby, in the waning days of apartheid, Ngoepe lived in a hut in Limpopo, the northernmost province in South Africa.
Oh interesting.  What level did you play at college?
Well, hopefully the practice helped.
That is a good question.  Hmm.
Oh, I thought they were building a new stadium downtown.
Bench warning should only be given if the ball goes near the head.
Correction, he ties Pedro and himself. He had 8 consecutive 10K+ games in 2015 too.
20
Well it wouldn't be a Phillies game if everything went right
Paid off?
That rangers match is gonna be good they will win like they did last time. By a landslide
They said it's broken in several places.
I am not really a fan of the braves i have never really watched them.
How old is he?
It was a close game.  They got ahead and pulled it off though.  Score was 9-7.
I don't think anyone did.
It's not, though, is it?
Oh?
Can I guess which ones?
So it would be worth it for me to learn more about baseball?
If someone in the outfield catches the ball then the runner must stop is the next thing.
What about best CF for modern times?
I really like Rizzo,
I think I would put my omney on the Yankees because of their pitching staff.
Yes, true, but Ron is incredible.
No they are definitely good. Maybe even better
Do you follow any teams in the American League?
Arrieta is a shell of himself.
The very fist, recognizable, and recorded game of baseball was in the year 1846.
Yeah that walk off homer was his first career homer.
I couldn't agree with you more. This guy is on top of baseball at this moment
Totally.  He has proven to be a bust.
Let me guess: Bautista had something to do with all of this.
Sure for quite some time there were so many players that suddenly came to camp looking like the Incredible Hulk.  It was in all of the sports to some extent.  You can't really blame the athletes too much as they all wanted to achieve stardom, do it better and faster, be stronger to dominate
are they the worst in the MLB?
OK so if they appear in the 8th dont you want your best reliever pitching to them
Oh I see, Chicago huh.
You mean those jerseys displayed with great pride and highly valued?
I do but I never saw you hit a homer. Trevor did, though.
Big deal. Why don't you get one from Washington?
Yeah and if pitchers dealt with that it means more flyouts.
You Red Sox fans are all the same.
What specifically with homeruns.
Oh, like a minor league team?
I agree, that's the impression I got.  That he was doing it more to show up the Braves than to actually celebrate.
To watch or to play?
Yeah, they were amazing in the 1980s when Dale Murphy played with them!
Yeah that he is.
I understand, how about the  Cardinals?
But they can't hit lefties!
That guy had one of the best sinkers ever.
Yeah, exactly.  They had a ceremony to retire his number.
You're right. They are a small market team who probably wants to trim that payroll
They love to lose.
Not to mention you won't get rained on.
Not with Cleveland in that division.
Hopefully, my Cardinals will beat them out this year.
Yeah, he's pitched for everybody. Typical fill in journeyman. Like we don't have enough of those already.
Yeah, that's true. I saw Franco hit another dinger.
Do they have any options now?
This is actually pretty interesting. It's Matt Kilroy, but from the year 1886, in the 20th century, again, Nolan Ryan with 383 in 1973
Yeah but thats a random wall in the outfield
Are you talking about their Left Fielder?
He's been so cool about it though, never complained.
I think maybe because it was such a big part of my childhood.
How so?
You lie.
I know, Davis is holding the record so far with all his extra inning home runs. Guy can hit!
I love that Joe Girardi is still coaching the Yanks.  They really take care of their own.
That's gotta be nice.
For what?
I dont know I feel like hes going to have to negotiate his deal every year.
How close was that baseball game?
That is a long wait to try and complete a game.
Baseball normally bores me but this was awesome in the end.
OH WOW! I did not know about all that. Why was Marte suspended?
How do you think it will turn out?
That's cool.He really loves baseball.
yes, and their stadium is HUGE.
The pitcher and the bench coach for the Dodgers
Wait, aren't they supposed to much worse than the Yankees.
Yep.
True.  What position does he play?
The problem is that takes 6 minutes sometimes to do.
Why's that?
He should be but with all those Cub and Cardinals fans voting for their players he probably won't be.
hopefully the fans start showing up a little more now that the weather's getting better
Not Pete Rose?
Yeah, dude. We need to see him hit another bomb.
Ive always liked the yankess since Reggie Jackon played on the team
my uncle gave me tickets to the next padres game
Nice. Are they playing again today?
I know right? Its like he is a bat or something
They played again yesterday.
You are probably right.
Hmm but Babe Ruth was a 7x World Series Champion.
yeah i guess you are right
I'm sure that won't be a problem. I hope they keep Ryan Zimmerman too.
I agree. He's certainly no Joe Torre.
These guys were really close to winning it all last year. People have forgotten that quickly
I really wasn't sure why the Yankees let Brian McCann go to Houston, but now I see why watching Sanchez.
Oh, how much?
The Card just really beat them bad. It was awful.They scored no innings, they were off their game .
Well they abandoned that when Steinbrenner died.
Well, David Price goes tonight I think in Pawtucket.
I know, they hit a lot of homeruns in that stadium
They're terrible at getting the puck.
You weren't bad in school.
Was strike out epic?
MLB is more popular than ever. It's still America's game. The ratings are through the roof.
It will turn eventually
Oh okay.  You from Boston?
Yeah they were 0-6 this last road trip. Abysmal.
I know it took forever for them to win.
I wish I knew what was holding them back.  They have some great players!
That one was too easy.
Yeah, hopefully it's not too bad.
I know, you'd think he could've handled it better.
Yes they do.
Yeah thats something they have to figure out
Do you think the Dodgers are good?
Minors?
Do you like domed parks
But let's not get ahead of ourselves. It is still early in the season.
Yeah, Roberts was a great coach, all the kids loved him
They are really winning as a team.
Remember last year when he was accused of raping someone in Cincinnati?  What was that?
Just turned to it the game looks like it is in full swing
Yeah, I guess sometimes it's hard to sustain success.
They aren't role models unless they declare themselves to be.
Do you think they will make it to the World Series?
Hey, everyone is yelling. What happened?
I know. They can never seem to get out of their own way.
Where do they play now?
Those are some pretty lofty goals.
Pitchers stick up for each other.  I bet he gets hit.
Oh cool, you must have been good.
Oh, what happened?
Yeah, so Lester extended his winning streak at Wrigley Field yesterday to 11 straight at Wrigley now!
Who won?
Too many early season injuries, in my opinion. It really cost them.
Are the Yankees on the road now?
Actually, yes. A wild pitch hit T.C. Bear and decleated him. I guess he's ok but he'll never be the same bear.
Oh interesting, when did you play?
Yes. It will be interesting to see if they can keep it up.
Talent gap isn't much different overall from each college to pro sport but baseball is certainly the easiest sport for a college team to beat a pro team.
Yes, yes. He could hit.
I like Freddie Freeman.
My kids are on a local team.
I know. Legend has it that she struck out Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig in the same inning.
No I do not, but I am happy that the Cardinals are still an amazing team without him.
I love the traditionalism of Yankee Stadium.  It isn't one of the fancy stadiums catering to the wealthy.
I cant believe it took that long for it to happen
Have you ever seen a game live?
Right, bad example... Ok,. That parking maid handing out tickets. Would you eat this hotdog with her?
Yes, and the World Series the year before.
doubles still count and his OBS is great
Yeah, but in a good, competitive way. He wanted to win and make some extra on the side.
And I can't believe the Giants relievers held the Reds down for all those innings.
Do you have a team?
You know, speaking of pitchers, Sabathia was pretty impressive the other night.
I think it was the Boston Redsox
it's around there.
Yeah, but you never want to fall too far behind. It's a marathon, but you don't want to be way in the back.
I don't really know. I don't follow them.
No, what is amazing is that he is a rookie.
Who won the Astro and Yankees last few games?
They got a shot at the playoff if they can keep up this pace.
We are less than 40 games into the season and they are already 10 games under 500.
I wonder what Teheran was thinking about when he was pitching?
Oh, that's so nice of you.  I will talk to Ray and see what he says.
Good one. That's still tough to tell, I'd guess they don't win the central but could still be in the WC mix.
He's 6'6".
Did you get one?
Yeah that's a good point.
Have strong regular seasons?
Who played in that?
I know I didn't see that coming, but kudos to them for their performance.
Well, their overall team ERA is under 4.00, but a few of their key starters are struggling?
I think he lost a lot of his nerve when he saw Stanton wasn't dropping his bat though.
I know they have a pretty good pitching staff.
Speaking of which, seems the curse is broken on the Cubs!
Did the Yankees play last night?
I don't know. His batting average is just as low as Stanton's. It's a shame.
That was cool you got a foul ball.
Trout has to be the most valuable player in baseball
The offense has been good. If the starters can pitch seven innings and not give up five runs, we'll win games.
If you are him, are you signing with them?
His shoulder was in pain and that led him to give a hit to Young.
Because Americans are fat slobs who need to be governed with an iron fist.
Oh well that would explain it.
It was kind of strange thinking back on it though...  after I got that fly ball I felt like part of the reason I came to the ballpark was complete.
Which was your favorite?
Dang. The computers don't like their odds too much but what do computers know?
Haha! They've been true disasters this year with that pitching scandal and all.
Our pitching staff is actually better by far, which is another reason you should come with me.
who is your favorite player
Starting with Jose Batista. Ever since he had that big Home run year, he's been declining.
Yeah I played for a bit, but wasn't that good.
Time will tell.Anderson Espinozo was NOT part of that trade.He is a top prospect.
They have some quirky characters on their roster lately.
And the windup does what?
Oh my god this dude is huge! he's like six foot seven
Well he did. Security escorted the loud-mouthed jerk out.
Well in baseball you have to protect your own body
Well, Padres got their new baseball field right smack in downtown San Diego.
Do you need an account for the MLB free game?
We'll need more than that
Okay lets say we don't believe that. don't you think he has been punished?
Oh, he loves it, and he's actually a lot better in the outfield than he was pitching.
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Cespedes looks like hes getting old.
My concern with Schwarber is how is he fairing against RHP. Its totally common for even really good left handed hitters to struggle against LHP but he should be mashing right handers.
Yeah right now his ERA is under 3.00. And he has already accumulated 5 wins this year.
Nunez is a base-stealing king.  How many bases has he stolen so far this 2017 season?
I think the baseball season is way too long.
Oh okay, you from out west?
Dave Roberts and Don Mattingly were right in the middle of it.
Great hitting and good pitching is definitely a formula for success.
They're like always clever.
Cool where?
So what do you like best about the team?
Right?  Did you see the Reds troll them?
Oh that's cool, we have one of those near us as well.
It's a Louisville Slugger.
Who will be playing next time?
yeah but they can get jobs if a team hires them
Yeah it is pretty good and their are still over 5 innings left.
Yeah it's really sad to see how far they have fallen
What do you mean?
But you are so talented!
I know exactly what you mean! They seem to have this terrible habit of dropping games to certain teams that just always have their number.
Oh okay, cool.
He'll go down as one of the greatest players ever.
The strike of 94 almost killed baseball. But the yankees becoming a dynasty and all of the HRs hit during the steroid era rescued it.
BB what?
Yeah, totally. I think I have a couple buddies that would be too.
So it was the Sox vs Sox, DH vs DH!
Definitely, not every day you get to support a first place team.
Getting off the depressing topic of Padres, did you see the tribute to Jeter?
So you wont see them sign those guys
We get to see the game after wards.
What do you like most about baseball?
Boston killing Canada, nuts.
Yeah this offense should be dangerous
Slide some of those starters into the pen
Did you notice on last night's game how all the fans cheered for smiths as he came to the plate.
I used to play as a kid, but one day there was literally nothing on television so I watched a little bit of a game and ended up getting really into it.
Are you going to many games.
I think their batter was worse he could not hit anything.
Yeah they were definitely do for some
Especially since today's game is the last game of the regular season.
Needing a way to provide for her sons, Maureen left the children with her parents and found work cleaning houses.
No never made it that far.
Yeah, I'm hoping.  Their first game is next week.
Take your time.
They are but it's not ready yet.
So if they throw at the ribs you are OK with that?
But still.
What?
The crazy thing is that it tightened up after he helped his own cause with an RBI double
Yeah baseball games could be bought out to win or lose.
They did?  That sounds impressive by how much?
But Peterson is doing okay at first.
You should give them a chance and watch them they are a good team.
Old man Lasorda is 89 years old.
Wow, must have been a hitter's game, huh?
Lisalverto Bonilla got pounded last night.
No way. I hit a homer. It's a great game.
Yeah I'm not really attached.
You'll never guess, but try.
Definitely, because once you understand different batters' strengths and weaknesses, and you know the pitchers as well, their game becomes much more exciting.
Is their anything more to the game.
That's a little easier probably.
What do you think of Arrieta
Who do you think is the best team in the National League?
I think he'll get drafted in college.
That runs counter to what you just said.
I follow Cleveland because my dad is a fan of them.
Yeah, I'm beginning to think more and more two years ago was a fluke.
That's not telling me how it's made
Really? I didn't know that.
He can do it all for you. A perfect combination of power and speed.
I wish we had gotten more power to replace Ortiz.
Yeah, Bautista did a bat flip after hitting a homerun.
Yes, and many looked the other way as the hulks were drawing crowds with their exploits.  The players to really admire during this period are ones like Derek Jeter who never touched the stuff and played outstanding ball for a generation.
I think so, and I rEad that in 1998 the Marlins actually did worse!
I am seeing your point.
Yeah that's where I grew up.
Yes, pretty much. He cut them to pieces.
It was one of the days they didn't go. I think you were all at the lake.
I can only afford one jersey at a time.
So no one will break this record?
What do you mean?
Changing the way umpires read balls the audience plays.
Yeah.
You remember Bautista got in a fight because of all this stuff last year.
Either, both.
Do you know who is in first place in the 2017 season in MLB?
What about you?
They are doing their usual surge which is impressive to be honest.
Yeah that is so funny and perhaps their downfall again. Though there's not a ton of lefties in the NL
Don't forget about his curve.
How long ago did he retire?
It doesn't help that Yordano Ventura died in the offseason
I wish I could have pride in them.
They could still call the game though.
Tigers have dominated Cleveland this year.
How long have you liked the Cards?
I'm turning it on now, I have a feeling this will end badly.
Yeah, he's starting to hit a bit better. I think his batting average is up a bit...
Internally, not really.  Everybody has been roughed up.
Who stole the most bases?
How about the sight lines?
Yes. He is currently batting .302 with 11 homers and 29 RBI
He'll still do pretty well.
Oh okay, like good memories?
I like the Phillies Phanatic and so do the kids.
I am. Johnson really knew where he was going. That saved the inning.
Right- and I can't believe what happened to Jones a few weeks ago at Fenway.. someone threw a bag of peanuts at him in the pen and called out racial slurs.
That team always seems like a family to me.  It must be great to play for them.
To imagine. Play the game you love. get paid 18 mil a year for that
To make the game more dynamic.
Yeah he might be one of those guys that only runs the 3 year deal every time.
The final was 6 to 5.
It really is, but the Brewers are looking good. They have won 10 out of their last 12 games.
I like it OK but you are right about this being one of the best games.
I had heard on NFL network that it had to do with some drug violation but I don't know any details.
I think the Indians will probably win this year with all their players being healthy again.
We should all go to the baat and watch a game.
maybe we should go sometime.
Anyone from the other team?
Yup.
Is that where you live?
He plays third base.  He's from Tampa.
Yeah just eliminate the warm up pitches on the mound.
I don't like all the steroid stuff.
They start a series with Colorado tonight so that probably means a lot more runs scored.  Those guys can really hit.
they've never really shown up though
I like Charlie Hustle but he's still tainted I suppose
Hope he starts when the Braves come over to AT&T Park later this month.
Ok. He was a good player. I cant argue with that
no way! do you have an extra one
They are, at noon I think.
I think a bat would be giving him to much credit.
They lost though, but not by a lot. Just one point.
The record doesnt state a whole lot.
Derek Jeter was a 5x World Series Champion and won the Golden Glove 5x.
i think baseball is the best sport
He has been having a great season so far.
Those were the glory days when Joe Torre was manager and they had Derek Jeter on the roster.
I agree with you. This is a dangerous team that is not getting the respect that they deserve.
Yeah, the 20 homeruns he hit last year are definitely no fluke.
21.6 million. Quite a contract.
Everyone has bad days, they only lost by three to the Brewers.
DO you think he would sit through an era like this?
That would be a big help. Sale can't do it alone.
What about Ole Miss?
They love to not get the puck.
No, but I wasn't great either.
yeah, He has struck out 29, walked four and allowed 13 hits during that stretch.
Do you have a source on that?
I cant see that ever happening.
Yeah born and bred.
Yeah and they are going up against Trout who has hit 5 home runs in 6 games
I can't believe it started to rain and it went into overtime.
Yeah they do.  I'm a big fan of Verlander.
Give me another one.
At least they have a lot of depth to sort it out.
There are nicer ways of saying no than calling a kid 'elite' and 'privileged'!
Why?
They have been a disappointment so far
They have only one pitcher and Justin Turner just got hurt.
I think there is a farm team near us.
No, they don't seem authentic
True. You don't want to jump the gun because there are so many games left.
I get it though.  I mean, how much can a guy take?
That is great.
I know, he is a good player but I am wondering how much more the Pirates can take before releasing him?
it is for sure i am on the edge of my seat.
And injuries haven't helped them out much.
But kids will blindly follow people they look up to.
For sure.  They have the best record right now and are very good.
Man, look at that tight shirt. You say something?
I would probably give the Angels a better chance than the Rangers
I believe it's called Great American Ball Park
Well singles hitters need to spray the ball more and they usually do.
I believe it could happen, but it could cause problems.
I was okay, but I grew up in a small town.
Well, first he threw a ball and beaned the batter.
Oh nice! Bryant is lookin good and can knock it out!
The Dodgers.
Yeah and I heard Noah Syndergaard might not be back at all this season.
Yeah they're playing the Red Sox away
Bummer. Did the Twins charge the mound?
I played a bit in high school.
Baseball is a very long season.
College teams regularly compete well with pro teams in exhibition games, so while its possible for a pro team to go undefeated on a tough college schedule, its still more unlikely than likely.
Did you see his last at bat.
Oh nice, he's a good first baseman.
Do you get involved as well?
And the next day the commissioner voided her contract and declared that women were not fit to play baseball because it would take too much of a toll on their bodies or something like that.
Well that is because they have many other great players as well.
Remember when the Arizona Diamondbacks stadium was opened?  They had a swimming pool!
Baseball isnt as progressive as we think
No.
I most certainly would. Hell I'll even buy one for her.
Well the Royals won it that year and they are even worse I think.
I don't know, they need Buxton and Sano to come up and play
I still think he should be banned.
Yeh, the pitching has been pretty bad all season and with Bumgarner out it is even worse.
Hmm let me think.
He was awesome!
Oh yeah, that's right. Back in 2007.
Maybe.
Yeah if they could just tread water and hover around 3 to 4 games out of first place they should be in good shape.
I know what you mean.
That's unheard of.
They played three games and it was two-one, Astros.
With Toronto playing like they are, starting off slow again maybe they can get some distance between them.
They have lost 8 out of their last 10 and I don't see that turning around any time soon.
Seemed like he would have been better off keeping his mind on the game instead of getting back at Bautista.
It would be fun if you go; Mary is going too.
Can the Angels make a run and win their division?
I thought so. He just towers over everybody on the field.
I got 2. Nobody was there.
The nostalgia is pretty high with it.
Yeah and then they fumble it come October.
Boston Americans vs Pittsburg Pirates.
Yeah they actually had to comeback in this game.
Yeah, that hurts if they can't get good starts out of these guys.
I would too. Stanton is  6'6".
There hitting is also very good.
Yeah go Chicago! That was so close!
No, I believe they had the day off
That team has been together for a while too. You would think it would click eventually.
It was pretty cool.
I agree. Mostly because of his age and the fact that he's not even peaked yet.
I still don't trust the offense.
No I would not. They dont show faith in him.
Did the Red Sox get any runs in the game?
They are such statists.
I'm sorry again.
Oh?
I have none. I just love baseball.
Only what you tell them.
We have great pitchers this year and Berrios has been a shining star for us.
So they actually stand a chance to win?
Yadi Molina is my favorite player for sure, he is the heart and sole of the team
If he's not hitting a home run, he is worthless!
I was also terrible.
I know, I was traded even up for that lefty.
The one guy from Bolivia(I think) qualifies.
Windup stores the potential energy you will release as you go into the stride and helps you get a good stride going. Some pitchers don't have a big windup.
he hits a homer and they say "here comes the judge"
That's awesome.
Right but you cant just sit there and do nothing.
Beautiful field it is -- ranks as one of the tops in the league now.
The free game of the day still has blackout restrictions. So, it's even more than that.
True, How'd Judge do?
Well yeah but not being in the Hall of Fame is part of that punishment.
So it all worked out?
I wouldn't be surprised if Toronto took it to them tonight.
And David Wright is no longer a player.
I mean, Schwarber comes with some higher expectations because he was an elite college bat.
Yeah I didn't see that coming from him, but that's been a bonus
He's stolen eleven so far.  He has a career number of 116.  Can't turn your back on him.
I agree - I think it should be weekends only and maybe 6 months only.
Yeah, I grew up in California, but I'm moved to the east coast.
It's always surprising to see managers in the middle of a scrum.
I agree. Though they did struggle a little bit to close out that game
They never do anything new.
In L.A..
The bullpen, these days.  Those guys are all that's saving that pitching staff
I saw that video, that was great.  I haven't laughed that hard in a while.
I love taking the family, so much fun.
Nice!  My old bat was a Louisville.
I believe it is the team's rival
thats true maybe he should be
Well at least they are doing well i planned to record the game tonight so i can watch it later.
As a kid, I used to watch this team play all of the time on the superstation.
They yank them in the 5th almost every game.
Yeah, but do you even know any pros?
Oh, totally! Like the Brewers! The Pirates are a way more talented club right now. No way they should be dropping games to the Brewers.
What about you?
That's true too but I think he will be a NY legend.
Though they are now regarded as cheaters, sluggers like Mark McGwire, Sammy Sosa and Barry Bonds made the country pay attention to them.
BBCOR. Batted ball coefficient of restitution.
I was shortstop in college.
...you are so ridiculous.
Exactly, they certainly have the talent to continue winning games.
Yes, they retired his number at Yankee Stadium
Those kind of guys arent hitting the market anymore
Okay, who is playing.
The food. I love the hot dogs.
It's not so nuts.
A lot of young studs in the lineup
That would hamper the starting pitching though
Yes.
Didn't you used to play?
Yeah, I sure.
Definitely it is like he is nearly blind or something.
They did an okay job on Trout
Dude if LSU doesn't win the College World Series this year something's going to have to done about Paul Mainieri.
He has come a long way. I am sure of it but this is a whole different situation.
No?
Are the kids excited?
I think maybe Mike Trout?
Oh wow.  So who won the game?
Yes its baseball thats how you keep players in line
I knew he would do great in the AL east.
Seriously.
Yeah, but they have already said that this will not cause him to miss his next start.
So that's why you say pay more?
over twenty points It was impressive i watched the game and i was just jaw dropped the whole time
I think so too.
I might if i get time but they probally play during a game i want to watch.
He did a lot for the Dodger's organization.
Pretty much.  Mud made the defense hard.
Yeah this team is in trouble they have lost 7 in a row.
I am so proud of you.
They really aren't great these days.
The Dodgers, Mets, Yankees, and giants.
Isn't it just throwing the ball and trying to hit it over and over again?
When the batter is batting he has three chances if he misses that means he is out.
Maybe have to go with Trout since he's very similar to a modern Mantle.
I like him, but I miss Ross.
I still think it is the Cubs but, they need to get out of the funk they are in at present.
Definitely.
Yeah but think about how much training is needed nowadays.
He must be loving the last couple of years.
Well he came out of nowhere and wasn't good with Baltimore.
I'm getting there. Like I said, there have been many bat and ball games everywhere. And the common method of making the ball included a rubber core, wrapped using yarn and leather
I thought good for him.
The guy is a legitimate MVP candidate every year. I enjoy watching him play
Me too.  Encarnacion would have been great.
I think every team hates that guy.
Absolutely, and it seems the ones that got caught up in the steroids are not getting into the Hall of Fame too fast either.
Well that's Florida for you.
And then go ahead and  throw whomever in the lineup
Must have been tough with the Cubbies winning the world series last year.
And how did that go over with the team?
Sorry I missed that. I love how jazzed the crowd gets.
Then you're not that great of a fan.
No, not in my mind. Just like DiMaggio's record.
Everyone thinks Nomar is the best thing since sliced bread.
Interesting.
That sounds like fun.
Yea, with Odor.  That did not turn out well for him.
Well, I can't really pitch and my throw is little short for an outfielder, so maybe first base.  Watching, though, it changes a little depending on the caliber of the player.
Right now it looks like the Yankees are leading with 24 wins and 14 loses.
I like Julio Teheran.
The Cubs and Red Sox have been slow to start.
But there are bullpen lefties and that matters in the playoffs
If you had a chance to hit against him wild you?
About three years ago.  It was a long day of baseball, but it was really good.
Yeah that really cast a black shadow on this organization.
We all do.
It makes me wonder why they play in stadiums without roofs.
Luck only. They aren't nearly as talented.
I grew up in the area, so pretty much all my life.
Probably. At least some of our hitters are finally hot, Hosmer and Cain have scored the runs.
Yeah, and Tommy Joseph too.
What about trades?
Rickey Henderson 1406.
They are perfect theres not much outfield seating
With those numbers he should be playing for a contender.
Yeah, but not as well as he would've. Really bad timing.
Yeah, and also I played a little bit.
Yes, they are family friendly.
The cubs had bases loaded.
I know, sometimes fans are horrible- they get so drunk they dont think half the time. Plus, theres no real consquencs.. guy shouldve been arrested or fined for that type of behavior.. throwing stuff on the field is dangerous.
Boy, I really love Aaron Judge!  Every time he comes up to bat, I hold my breath waiting to see if he hits a homer.
That's nice.
Like, less long range and mid range play?
He really talked his way into it.
Wow, you got to love baseball!
Yeah they got a great game from Orlando Arcia.
At first I thought the Asteroids would win but the Vipers took it in the end. Can you believe how sudden the turn was?
Oh shoot! That' too bad.
Who's your favorite player?
I'm game of your guys are.
tickets aren't that expensive.
It was Miami and yes Mattingly did.
So why do you support them?
I grew up there and moved away.  But I still like the Red Sox.
Is Jeremy Affeldt still in the pitching roster?
Then theres advertising dollars that are lost
Oh the PEDs.
At least it is at home.  The Reds play much better there.
well, in the 90's...
Kind of like Bonds
Me too! I'm down to going if he pitches. You down as well?
Whos your favorite baseball team?
yeah, but its either for you or my girlfriend
Awesome, you want to watch the game somewhere?
You see carter stats though?
I seen that game. They really tried, it was a close one.
So just get rid of them?
Look man I'm not disagreeing with you but Derek Jeter will never be on the same level of Babe Ruth.
i agree its always exciting
I agree, even at his old age.
They just haven't reached that level since then. Not consistently, anyway.
Yeah I think they will overtake the Twins in no time.
I agree and Judge is already at 15 in his rookie season and we are only in May.
That is a ton of money.
And two to the Cardinals in the second game.
No he had no patience for it thats why they havent been good for so long
True that. But he's been must see TV this spring.
They have solid pitching but their bats sometimes don't show up.
They don't ever get it but when they do they kill.
We'll get you there.
Yes! continue.
Yup, a source on Forbes.com says ratings were up 1% last year.
They will get better and learn to adjust
Oh okay neat.
Yeah this couldn't be worse for the Mets
What a world series.
Oh me too!  He's a favorite but I like Cabrera better.
Okay.  Which National League umpire died of a heart attack on Opening Day in 1997?
Yeah, there's a bunch of good players that are stuck in AAA because of it.
Yes, I thought it made Votto look pretty classless.
It's so that the ball dosent slip out of their hand.
I dont know how they have no hitting
Yeah that will hurt them.
Have you ever gone to a game?
Was honus Wagner better thsan Babe Ruth
True. But when I look at the American League West, I don't see anyone contesting them.
I know! I would never have stayed as long as he did with all the crazy, screaming parents.
I can't believe how well they are playing right now.
I know.
You think Johnson is gonna bat out of the park today or strike out?
True.  Maybe they will get things turned around by the All-Star break and make a push in the second half.
That's a result of bad parenting. It's their job to say "Don't take steroids."
How many games do you think they will win.
I gotta go. Can you hold my beer?
I mean you could be right, but both teams have had their screw up moments
Really? That's the actual name?
And power hitters?
Yeah, his team sticks up for him.
Oh I see.
Oh, that sucks.  Why didn't they take him out then?
Yeah, he hit a home run!
What was the score?
Has the coach said anything?
What time is the next game
Nope. They just laughed and pointed and spit tobaccy jiuce.
Cool.
Hopefully they will at least be in contention at the end.
College players play in off-season leagues with minor league teams all the time and they often beat them. And not just D1 college players... I'm talking D2 and D3 also.
Sure did.
Yeah I really like him.
A good bit.  I help coach and play umpire once in a while.
Yeah. They banned us women from the MLB until the '90s.
That is true, do you think they are going to win the next world series?
I know, it was ridiculous!  We're here to watch baseball, not have a college party!
I dont know how accurate that is
You should give it a try.
You say that now, but we'll see what you say once you see the ticket amount.
I tell you, small market teams have to do everything right to stay relevant. They need too much luck every year
I like sano, he's the MAN
I think he should be recognized as the second-greatest hitter ever.
But he hasn't even won a game this year.
I'm trying to think about it as well.
You never know with him.
Yeah that's right
Washington?
Yeah but that is easier said than done. They are in a tough division.
They did look good at the start of the season.
Yes, he was terrific in college and the minors.
Did you see the altercation between the Red Sox GM and the home umpire?
Yeah Toronto, has once again started off slowly, but they usually turn it around in June.
I guess on the bright side they are playing .500 ball at home.
Even after he got hit the first time, the second time at bat he killed it again with a double!
I will let you know tomorrow evening.
Houston looks to be running away, so the Angels can battle around for Wildcard as well. I'd think Texas has a better shot, though.
Yeah but size doesn't always make someone a good fighter
I don't believe you.
Yeah I understand.
At some point the breaks even out.
let me guess. Boston Americans became the Red Sox?
And they had to deal with a rain delayed game that can sometimes mess up your rhythm.
For example, Lackey is over 4.2 and Arrieta is over 5.00!
You should have seen Stanton stalking towards the mound with a bat. I would have been  terrifed.
Those in the know say they will last.
That was intense, really. Indians were so close to taking it home.
Okay. Well that Castillo has been on fire since coming off of the DL.
The players aren't bad but the combination doesn't work. No one is hitting.
What did you do with the ball?
He could go on another 12 years doing what he's doing.
Bruce is a good player, and they don't really need Granderson.
Could he demand a trade
Yes, Young scored after Ramirez hit a triple into center field.
Republicans or Democrats, they all need to be led. Even for baseball.
I just enjoy our baseball talks.
Yeah it was like my dad built it up so much that I felt like there would never be topping that day no matter how many times we went, so we quit going.
Ok, if you could see a game which place would it be.
Dang straight.
Who do we play next?
Yeah, man!  Batting is up and their pitching is definately no match for ours.
Did you see him pick off that runner at third base the other night
This guy has no plate discipline whatsoever.
That's why I watch now.
I think you are referring to Drew Pomeranz. I think he is pitching alright.
Sure. How many baseball players have huge pirate-style beards?
Is that disadvantageous?
wow you must be talking about 400-500 foot home runs! is he a MVP?
The whole crowd loved it. Everybody cheered on the umpire!
I would be OK if they told people that they forfeit money if they are found to have been doing something dangerous.
All they need to do now is field a team that can compete in the bigs.
I don't have a Facebook account. I hope I don't need one.
He went one for three, no home runs
You can't just rewrite history. He did what he did and you can't just leave out his contribution to the game.
Oh, yeah.  He'd rather catch flies than worry about throwing strikes anyhow.
Me either.  What time is the game?
Yeah, couple that with Familia being bad.
But he was the 2nd best college hitter in that draft and he needed to be sent down after initial success when the league made adjustments to him.
If he can keep that up throughout the year I give the Orioles a chance to take down the Yankees.
I don't understand something.  What is the "infield fly rule"?
What is the most number of games you have ever been to in a season?
Must be tough to catch Angels games.
Chase Utley looked like a dad trying to break up a playground fight.
Matt Bush was definitely making me nervous. I didn't know if he was going to survive.
They love to do new stuff.
Who did they play?
Like who are you thinking of?
Me either!
Yeah I bet that is a good time.
I've had them since i was little.  My dad always bought them for me.
Oh I think that will be a better game
i just dont see how you ignore what he did
That was my plan but i got this and i actually got a ball  that got hit into the stand
Yeah me too, that's how I became a fan of this team.
OK so that expends the relievers?
Yeah, I know one
Or teams like the Dodgers. I know the Dodgers are a better team, but still, they seem to always consistently give the Pirates a hard time.
I like the Braves.
Oh yeah, he's the king of New York right now don't you think?
Though they cheated and used steroids, they were megastars. And baseball turned its eyes on the cheaters so it could prosper again.
That can't be real
Yeah me too! My roommate was a pitcher. I haven't talked to him about uit, but he'd probably be down.
But this is where it gets crazy...
Did you see them play the Yankees?
He very much deserves it
But what about a team that has a surplus at a position
Dodges and angles.
Yes, I love the food as well, particularly the nachos with cheese.
They've got that new coach.
Rizzo and Bryant alone are enough to scare anybody
And those guys have not been good
That's because they had no music playing as he came up.
Kinda, but not really seriously. It was more of a forced hobby as a child.
I get tickets occasional as perks.
And do not get me started on the players they had in the outfield.
Yeah I think he only had two singles, so he didn't do too much damage
As much as I hate to say it, I agree. LSU has been struggling the past few years.
He is in the Major Leagues now.
Only went up to high school.
Oh, for sure.  But half of them really can't hit the ball.
What about Bryce Harper?
The bears did.
It seems barbaric to me.
Sure the offense is potent on teams but so are the strikeouts.
Who does that.
Yeah I know, but it is still something to monitor going forward
I'm not saying that. It's just harder for player to get paid off.
I cannot recall the last time i saw a baseball game that was impressive.
Dansby really messed up that one play, but he redeemed himself.
Well you can record games with your DVR and you can watch it later.
Yeah! he spent over seven decades with them.
I could understand that.  How'd your brother do?
They need to turn it around fast because they are in a tough division.
Everyone was standing up and cheering.
Yeah that's what's tough about going for them.
That's only 4.
No! The pitchers know the batters, and know how they hit. And the batters know the pitchers, and know how they throw. And then it becomes an exciting duel!
That seems rather forgiving to get three chances.
Trout is a machine, but still early in his career.
Who do you think will pitch tonight?
I am surprised to see how well the Arizona Diamondbacks are doing early in the season.
Do you think Landon will?
I dont follow your logic nor do I agree with it right now.
He's still not that impressed but he's very biased.
What about the AL. Who do you think is coming out of there?
That's not too different from a modern baseball
He's not the best defensive catcher, but the guy can hit.
I'm sure he would enjoy playing for a contender right about now.
I agree.  Moreland is okay, but nowhere near the power.
The homerun and bat flip occurred when they were down 7-0.
Yeah, guys like Mickey Mantle were pretty big but he was naturally with a great physique.  I guess the only thing you could say about him is that he hurt himself by drinking too much and didn't take very good care of himself.
Living in Los Angeles do you love the Dodgers?
So what stat would you use to determine the value of a reliver
Yeah it was rough, but it was cool for the city.
He was suspended for 5 games.
It's an intoxicating feeling for sure.
My salary isn't anywhere near Werth's.
It is amazing that no one has even come close to it.
Hey sliced bread is good, and so is Nomar.
It's rare though.
Yeah they are great.
Yes, I think some Braves players were saying Bautista shouldn't want to fight after that.
So, you just like the really good players?
Did you hear about  any signings in the minor league?
Oh from the Braves right?
Yeah and both will imrpove.
The key to beating LA is essentially keep it close for 5 innings and then turn over to your lefty bullpen
Sure.won't you?
What did they do for the ceremony?
They were really expecting him to be the future ace of their staff
I wish I could be a prideful Bostonian.
Yeah, it's not like someone is going to bounce a ball off the ceiling.
With Miggy and J.D. Martinez? They're superstars!
So, I assume you have been to games before?
I don't know what we will do if they don't resign them. We will go back to being the worst team in baseball.
True. Although Odubel is really slumping.
I think they would be very interested in that.
Who stole the most bases in a single season?
Would you rank Yankee Stadium up there?
You would think. Not many people know this guy because his team sucks.
You know when he's coming back?
Oh, were you good?
They also have a great new stadium.
A grounder spoils of opened the game.
Also all that drama against the red sox was ridiculous too.. throwing balls at each other, cussing each other out.. what are they, toddlers?
I really like him.  He is so aggressive at bat.  They found another good one.
That's an understatement. That's fantastic. That's the dream life for many. It's the American dream. Too bad he's a an immigrant from Dominican Republic, wait. that make it even more of the American Dream
Yeah.
I am sure the White Sox are glad hes not around anymore.
How so?
I believe he had 3 hits and a RBI
It was really crazy.
Yep, Frazier is back after missing nearly three weeks with a strained left hamstring, and is on fire now!
I would have to say Michael Brantley.
Is there a game tonight?
how much do they run?
What was he pissed about
I like rooting for an underdog. Besides, the Yankees have too many advantages.
Yeah I get that.
No.  He's actually broadcasting the Giants games with Mike Krukow and Duane Kuiper.  He's pretty good.  It's nice to hear his little asides about the team.  He can read the signs the pitcher puts down and can explain Bochy's thinking from play - to - play.
I dont think so because what if theres no changes.
Yeah.
Yes, we can be thankful the game won't be in the thin air of Colorado where the Rockies really hit.
and early 2000's sure, but that was a different era
Yep, still one of the great pure hitters
Yep, definitely! Haven't been to a game all year!
The Cubs! Thats a given. I am a die hard cubs fan.
why would you bring her to a baseball game
I would, I hear they show all the ballgames at Rue's Pub
They are almost high enough he will beat the records from like the 50s.
They play again Tuesday.
You cant do that
I guess only history will tell.
how expensive are the tickets to the games
How old is he now?
But it does seem like they're getting their act together this year.
The Twins are just not good enough to sustain this division over 162 games.
Wow, 15 already! I did not realize it was that many.
Yeah, I hope he's worth it. Nats need to win a pennant while they have him, Scherzer, and Strasburg.
The Cardinals are having a good season, so it is not like they got skunked by a bad team.
Did the Orioles window of opportunity close?
The guy has struck out double-digits seven games in a row and counting.
True, but they've played better at the end of the season. Bortles is hitting well
Yeah, they love that.
I appreciate that. I'm sure if anyone can you can.
The left-hander also lowered his ERA to 1.88, best in the National League.
Were television ratings up for certain games or what?
So you think this is just temporary?
Do you have a team?
I smell another loss coming to this team.
I thought for sure the Indians would take it.
Wouldn't it be great if they got it together and won the world series?
I think that was John McSherry. He was the home plate umpire on Opening Day on April 1st in a game with the Reds hosting the Expos.
They'll just keep rotating guys up and down from the big club.
It makes him sound like he's not it in for the fans, just for being praised when he helps out needy kids.
Did you have a pro ball?
Guys were let go that were valuable
Do you like the Mets?
Never been to a game before.
In my opinion, yes
Me neither. They may coast in the division all year.
I'll never understand how two adult men can get into a fist fight over a little league baseball game.
Can they keep it going?
He just isn't making good decisions.
He has to get out of the park he has it in him for sure.
Yeah, maybe.  But on another note, how about those Astros?
You've clearly never been a parent.
I would say 97 or 98.
I have to go too. Let's bring them with. The line will be long anyway and standing makes me thirsty.
I can't disagree, but the Angels have Trout and the Rangers do not.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure it's a corporate sponsor
They make more long outs so thats why I would dip them below .300
So maybe we will see some bench clearing in the next couple of weeks.
Yeah there wasn't a big talent pool to choose from.
I don't know, but then he walked the next batter.
I thought that I heard on Sport news that his BA is .297. Does that sound right?
5 to 3.It was a good game.
No, but a team official said they've deserved to lose these games. They aren't playing well.
Tonight at 8 pm. Channel 11
I suppose it's pointless to ask if they won?
Did you ever play?
Yes, that would be fun.
College has a ton of players who are there to play College baseball. And their dream ends.
He almost got hit.
He is good.
That's awesome that you are involved with your kids in their games.
You know what he was probably thinking at the time.
I sure do! I think that they have a really good chance this year.
I do admit though that the Yankees have their faults though.  They have premium seating that is beyond expensive.
What makes you say that?
OK. I'll tag along.
Let's get some peanuts and get back, they're starting.
Yeah, the Royals caught the breaks but now they're not. Big market teams can rebuild much quicker
same, I love watching him rake
Why second? You're clearly a fanboy.
Well he was pitching fine--not his fault we can't hit either.
I guess it would be the Bluejays, they're the closest team to me.
Hard to make the transition from high speed thrower to finesse pitching.
Terry Francona was the Red Sox coach
Actually, huh.
That division is tough. Especially with the World Series Champions Cubs and the Cardinals.
Yeah, but you know how that goes.
He must have put on a show!
Yes, he was kicking dust on the ump' and deserved to get kicked out of the game.
Did you catch the Jeter ceremony the other night.
Yeah, but they struggled horribly on the road and they have played more road games to this point.
Yeah, he sure wasn't intimidated by Teheran!
Well, I sure hope you decide to go with me and Mary.
You think the Rangers are still in it? I'm hearing people talk about the moving Darvish already.
True but it is great camouflage.
It's true. It was not advertised.
Did you ever play?
Yeah I just think they lack the pitching depth.
Yep.
Absolutely. I think MLB messed up though. They should have called this game earlier.
Ouch, how is Lester doing this year?
Nah, I don't think so.
Would not surprise me.
Cubs really deserved it though. Over a century and there it was.
Yeah I read on ESPN that he has been hitting .600 since coming off of the DL
Who else is struggling?
I gave it to my boyfriend.
So you'd take Kershaw over Bryce Harper?
But why do they keep pretending Wright will contribute?
No because that doesnt solve his contract issue.
Was it out of the reach of Lindor?
How do we fix the situation?
I do too.
Here dad have some of my popcorn *both smile*
Old Detroit stadium.
But you know what, though? It's still  fun to be in first place!
The Twins are playing the Royals next...at home.
What is the ERA of their starting pitcher?
Yes, indeed that was a great play
I swear he goes up to the plate and all he seems to care about is trying to hit a home run.
Yeah I get that.
Well, he may be "alright", but that is not good enough.
He's the only one coming to mind right now.
Not as long as you can move the stride along. Just lifting the leg briefly can get your stride going no problem.
He made rookie of the month. He has also has made most valuable player in some games recently.
That has got to be a first in baseball!
That again infringes on their rights.
Wouldn't it be great to see a World Series here?
You don't? Everyone is on Facebook.
how many does he have already?
Yeah so you think we should reward him by putting him in the Hall with all the great players who did not break the rules?
How is he batting?
I think first pitch is at 7:05pm.
Well he isnt bad hes hurt.
Usually the top college bat in a draft ends up being a pretty solid hitter in the big leagues, and what minor league and MLB numbers have shown so far, he does appear to be legit.
I don't know. It seems anytime they go up against the yankees they wet the bed.
Wikipedia defines it this way:  "The umpire's declaration of an infield fly means that the batter is out (and all force plays are removed) regardless of whether the ball is caught. "
My company had a season pass and I used to go to games with clients 1-2 times a month
Yeah, but I stream some games.
That was hilarious. He was having none of it.
He definitely had some tense moments out there
Their midgame is still decades old.
They played the angles.
Iglesias, Brice, Peralta.  Those guys can hold a close game if they're given the chance
Who do you have going for it all this year.
What is the name of the team?
Yeah, my grandfather bought me my first one.
I agree!
he probably gets in after he dies
You gotta get Perez to sign it.
Yeah but we are a long ways away from Maddux, Glavine and Smoltz.
Yes and they arent that good to begin with.
Can I ask him some questions then?
You're right! There just always seem to be those teams that the Pirates just can't beat no matter what!
The Braves huh?
Yes, even in retirement he's probably the most popular Yankee right now.
The Yankees of the mid to late 90s and most of the 2000s helped too. They were a great team that I hated but respected.
oh, it's real alright. There's even a formula Mathematician came up with in order to characterize the bats.
Sweet!
...
Yeah, I was surprise with how much better they proved to be.
I agree he does
You do have those but that will be in trades
Oh, good rivals
What team is your favorite?
Roberts.
I agree. Too much talent in this lineup
I think Aaron Nola is a reliver in the making
I did notice that the opposing team would come up to bat.
Ah yeah. Same thing happened to me - probably why I hate it to this day.
To which games?
Exactly they scrambled around like blind mice and it was sad.
Yeah, they might not be so lucky the rest of the series
Yeah I think Coach Mainieri is having a tough time coaching in Skip Bertman's shadow.
Yeah. Life as he once knew it is over.
Were you any good?
Wow, have they ever played before?
Yeah he's okay, but I think Trout is better.
Really?  I thought the Wings would win for sure.
Other sports are way worse.
I hope he can win a Cy young award.
I know.
For sure. But this is the type of win that you need over another ballclub that's struggling.
You may have a point.
I know right some teams are just awful.
I really pull for him because he went to Vanderbilt and I did too.
That sounds pretty easy do you know when their next game is?
He has been a pitcher, coach and manager for the Dodgers, and guided them to their last World Series championship in 1988.
He went 2 for 3 and had a walk.
Yeah and they are asking Tim Adelman to be the one to stop the bleeding.
I get to go to the next game so I hope I get to see something like that.
I understand.
That's all o could think of.
I'd rather just watch professional wrestling and see people get thrown around.
It is  but the game is fun for that to be able to try.
Then I think you have to go with Griffey without an argument.
Probably Anderson if I had to guess.
I agree but again, it boils down to pitching and they have a great staff.
I hope so. It's his dream.
Players have to focus on their main sport.
Wow, he should be thrilled.
I personally like the Yankees.
No it really isn't, and it wasn't too uncommon for the leather covering to come apart upon being struck.
I thought the same thing.
On the positive side they are only 1/2 game out of the last wildcare spot.
And we already had Hanley at first base.
The go has no class. I hope the Braves went after him.
Back to the great players.  There were a lot of great pitchers.  Of the more modern era I liked Nolan Ryan, with all those strikeouts.
Ugh not really I don't see what's so great about them
Inherited runners scored.
I see what you mean.
Is there a specific rule about not cutting up jerseys that aren't yours?
I always wanted to experience that for myself but I'm not any good. I didn't even make the team.
Whose is? He's not worth a fraction of his salary.
Yeah its just too hard as well.
Haha.  Alright, he was decent.
I don't think I can remember a time the audience affected something seriously.
Are tickets expensive?
Yes, that was kind of funny.  But you know what, Bautista can't be afraid of anything either.
I like really good players, but what I mean is that some seem to have a little more flair a little more style when throwing or catching.
Yes, recently the Braves signed James Loney since Freddie Freeman injured his wrist.
Yeah that's right.
Chris Sale is killing it
Okay, what is the saddest team in baseball?
No I would be too afraid to get hit by his pitch.
Well, they actually gave him a stone in Monument Park.  His whole family was there and they gave him a plaque that was a mini-version of his Monument Park stone.
Exactly. I don't know what there next move will be, but they need to do something.
They're like the least terrible thing about Boston.
I suppose it would cost too much to upgrade current stadiums.
They still have no pitching. The bullpen is horrible.
My dad's company had season tickets that they shared with employees, so we used to go to 8-10 games per year growing up.
Well, they are going to be free agents soon, so it's better to get something for them than nothing.
Seriously, what's up with that? Of an all stay year too.
How much do you think they would have to give up?
Rickety Henderson again with 130 stolen bases in the 1982 season. But that's limiting ourselves to the 20th century. Hugh Nicol had 138 in 1887.
I dont know if I will ever go to a game there
Yeah hard to get notoriety when no one is watching.
It was supposed to be after the All-Star break, but now the Giants are talking August!
No, not really, but it was the only sport I really played.
I heard it has a lot of fun things for the family.
Did you see how it ended?
I know, I hope that their managers got em straightened out so all that bs can stop and the O's can focus on the game. They are doing to well to ruin their season with crap like that.
Matt Holliday is a great player.  He makes up some much spade in the outfield.
NO he was born in New York, but moved to Dominican Republic when he was young.
That's gross.
Not only them but the AL Central.
Baseball games are always close!
In contrast the Cubs pitchers were wild.
Marcus is coming over here.
You just never know what is going to happen in a season because of injuries and whatnot! Whats Frazier's avg?
Are you planning on going to any games at Progressive Field this year?
Dude, it's summer time. There's a game every night.
i think we paid like 10 bucks to get in.
That the Dodgers had a lead and were swining at 3-0 pitches
What do you mean by that?
What about you, favorite team?
Did the Giants beat Kershaw in the latest Giants-Dodgers series?  How did Kershaw do?
True. Any more suggestions?
What is it about that?
How about we see if we can catch a game on Sunday?
different team, different fans?
I never saw him play but my dad did
Sweet. I'll hit you up if I hear any more about the series.
Must suck having to go 100 years without winning a championship.
because she likes baseball
Oh, I've been there before. I saw the A's beat the Rays at that bar.
The records are that old geeze.
How do you think they will do?
Then how would you fix it.
History has already spoken, I've never seen Derek Jeter hit 4 home runs in a single game.
they usually are not too bad
I think he is in his late 30's. Most of his time was spent in the minor leagues.
I sure hope it continues.
However, if they keep playing this well on the road and begin to hit at home anything is possible.
Yeah, and when he hits one it is long gone over the fence.
Yeah, they've got quite a bit of talent, it'd be a shame not to capitalize now.
They Cardinals are doing great. I really see them in the finals.
It will if they cant resign Machado
When's his next start.
I could see them making a run in the tournament
They're actually terrible at play but they're amazing at fighting.
I helped Cam get a lot better when we used to practice.
Were the coaches upset?
9 clubs had number 1 rankings across all television networks and 16 out of 29 clubs ranked in the top 3 across television networks.
Yes, a sub 3 ERA will not be the norm.
Yeah I like the Rangers.
Maybe they can right the ship. It is still early in the season and anything can happen.
I know right I thought the same thing.
Yeah it would.  When was the last time they held that title?
Who was the first player in baseball history to hit more than 25 home runs in a season?
Just like they did last year with the pitchers.
I sure bet that one kid didn't have any praise for him.
Yup,I have 2
Its true and they dont really have a clutch hitter
No
Oh that's a shame they're fun.
What is the length of the longest home run run ever hit
Yeah for sure, but their challenge is the Yankees
Me either!  People are nuts!
Well that is the magic question.
Seems like they are experiencing a lot of that.
I hope so he has skill but last season he messed up and i just kinda wonder how good he really is
No kidding!  They have been on fire so far.  By far the best team in baseball.
That's ... apparent, ha! So what do you think should happen to those who use steroids in MLB?
You don't think the Rangers can catch them?
Everyone is yelling again. What happened? Hey you, you know what happened? Mauer got on base!?! That calls for a drink.
Point taken but the cupboard is not bare in Texas. They got some good hitters too.
I'm a Red Sox fan myself
I just think .310 is too high for an acceptable rate, that would lead the league sometimes
Maybe.  Or it could just die down.
Do you watch a lot of baseball?
So there were two guys on base?
Yep, that is was I heard too.
I wanted to watch the game but I forgot.
It's weird that they're still managing to cling to second in scoring in the Major Leagues.
I think deGrom is pitching tonight
Yes, yes it is.
I only played little league.
It makes the games much better to watch at the end.
There are still examples of college teams winning exhibition games against pro teams. Granted those teams are frequently made up of minor league players.
My cable went out. It's back.
Who do you like?
Yes, they just love to play baseball.
"Women need to say in the kitchen where they belong"
I cannot believe the Cubs finally won it not too long ago.
Is the premium seating just at a better section of the ballpark?  Or are there rules?
Because they introduced the world to analytics.
I'll buy you a hotdog and a beer.
Here we go, the bottom of the 7th. We got this game in the bag
Look at the Pirates, they had to lose for 20 years just to get enough good players to finally make the playoffs
what are we going to do about buxton
Well, he's not baseball's all-time hit leader.
We've gotten it going lately, some hitting, and I think we've won 6 out of seven games.
Oh okay, Canada interesting.
I wonder if Petite has been giving him some lessons.
Yeah, that's right..I remember Curt Schilling was still pitching for the Red Sox back then
Yeah, I'd think.
Yeah the Cardinals always seem to be hovering around the top.
Yup, good  time a good start and bam.
Yea, the crowd was going wild.
I can't believe the Orioles?  Can they get ever possibly get any worse?
Yeah, it was awesome and well deserved.
But it won't matter, this team is just not good.
These are grown men.  You'd think they would be over trying to get even with one another.
I know Ray would enjoy going to see the Cubs play.
People talk, but Beltre is coming back and they can easily hang around.
What do you mean?
How many people were there?
No never played. You?
Hamels being out is going to hurt them.
Did Pirates win any world series?
Why do you say that?
Much better, his ERA is under 4.
You don't think so? Dude, Stanton is huge!
I noticed the Dodgers are doing as well as everyone had predicted.
I've a friend that is an Indian's fan, and she was not pleased in the least.
Those are crazy numbers!
Bour, Gordan, even Ichiro.
Does he know you went with me?
Definitely. Harper is inconsistent and susceptible to injuries.
I don't think they do.
So the ill will the Nats are showing him will cost them?
Yes, it was almost a home run.
We need to stop giving corporate sports teams our money.
Well who do you think will win.
Announcer *Next up to batter up is Holiday*
That would be cool.
I couldn't agree with you more.
Oh no! Our home record has been awful this year. We need to just keep playing on the road.
Like seven point something.  He is horrible.
they have a lot of other talent as well
Then surprise! He strikes out again!
Did you play in highschool?
Yes, I agree, and David Price has yet to throw his first pitch of 2017.
In all seriousness, though, maybe they'll have another chance soonish.
And the stride is when you convert the potential energy into kinetic energy?
the Yankees have a new young nucleus, a new young team they can build around
I know, usually umpires are pretty much despised.
During the season?
Heck yeah!
I'm not. I don't trust them.
fourteen
I think a lot of them did. They just didn't get caught.
Not bad at all.  He actually had a home run and a triple his last game.
Who is pitching for the Orioles?
That too.
I would certainly move him down in the order, maybe see if that can take that pressure off of him batting leadoff until he starts to find his groove.
True, but if they just play consistently throughout the year then they have a great chance.
So if the defense doesn't catch the ball, it doesn't matter?
What do you think about the whole steroids problem and what it has done to baseball
Oh, like online?
I'm glad no one got hurt.
Yeah it was a good win though, but keep in mind Detroit didn't have Cabrera or Martinez in the lineup.
Yeah, and?
Did the angles win?
But starting wise?
Well in the AL the Yankees are very dominate, as much as I hate to say it.  NL is a complete toss up, but it is still early.
They're the smokies.
They are my favorite bat.  I've tried so many others.
When will that be?
thats terrible let him see it
I did not think about that but that is an excellent idea.
Yeah those guys are not walking out of the bullpen any time soon.
So what do you think they need to do?
Yeah, he would help you out for sure
Yeah, that is just it. Well at least they picked up a few wins against the Nationals. DC is a pretty good team; that might be a good sign for the rest of the season.
Yeah.  Who is your favorite player?
I bet sales of #2 jerseys are selling off the shelves right now
Until 2004, it seemed like they were playing with the Red Sox.
Well, what the hell is the point of that?
Have you thought about where we would play?
Bannon hit a foul ball and it actually hit one of the other guys who plays DH...lol.
You know what could stop them? A trade.
He has been such an influence on so many players coming up in the organization.
Will their farm system ever run out?
Who's got the upper hand?
I like the Atlanta Braves the best, especially from the early 90s.
He's a nutter.
Over a 162 game season, the cream should rise to the top
Yeah he cant stay healthy
It sounds nice.
I can see what. Did you play long?
The Rangers.
I know they traded a good majority of players
It's definitely going to be interested that's for sure
It's tough to say but season after season LSU clinches the top seed in regular season play but they end up flaking when it's time for the College World Series.
He has a tattoo of Africa on his left shoulder, and I think he already knows life will be different when he returns home.
I was okay.
Most of them have to an extent, but this is the first year in this league for most of them.
He was MVP last year.
Yeah so did I, they had a much better team last year.
I just dont like the ejections automatically
And the fact that he doesn't mess around on the mound. Just gets the ball back, says yes to the first sign his catcher puts down.
That's nuts.
Yeah the Pirates have their own slump going right now.
Pete rose is a perfect example.
I would not call them awful but they are far from interesting.
The pitcher R.A. Dickey is from Tennessee isn't he?
Their next game is on Monday night not to far off.
I hope everything will be fine.
Not bad at all.  Where'd he play?
Yeah he left his last start early because of a stiff neck
Me too. I want you to see me hit a home run.
What about you?
Your right, only 4.
You're unbelievable! Here, we're going to a baseball game right now!
What stations can i watch games on?
Yeah, you're right I can't think of anyone close to Griff in the past 50 years.
Do you think they'll repeat their season?
I hope the Dodgers get playing better as they have a lot of talent that is not playing so well now.
I know that and it would be great if he and Ron could be together.
Do you think baseball has written it into their contracts?
I know but he is a very critical sports fan.
That's a bit surprising but hard to dismiss their fast start.
Hah, just like you see in cartoons.
They've played 500 baseball so far this season.
That's true. They may not be able to catch the Astros, but maybe they can sneak into the postseason.
I know.  I would have preferred getting a decent third baseman.
They hit him the next game.
Sure, He had a hundred mile an hour fastball and threw it until he retired in his late forties somehow.  He was very intimidating to the batters.
Even Clayton Keyshawn!?
Thats a good stat
It was also good for baseball.
No, but he destroyed team property or equipment, violated team rules, and was insubordinate.
I remember that too.
Maybe I should get an agent.
we are in a pitching era right now.
Just decent?!
It doesn't happen so often.
No not at all, we go all the time.
Well anyways, last night Bautista got hit on the thigh with a pitch, and that was that.
I guess I get that, some players seem to just have a little more presence.
It seems like every other day, the Orioles are losing players to injuries!
You a Braves fan?
Yeah and only getting hotter.
Easy. San Francisco.
I can't believe he went 8 innings with Pitt let's them get a hit.
Wow, I did't realize he was that influential of a player.
If I were running that team, I would wait to see where the team is after the all-star break
Cruel.
They would have to build new ones.
Pitching is always streaky no matter which team you're talking about.
It is probably the best atmosphere in baseball, even when they aren't as good.
I know, but it's like our entire World Series team has been totally dismantled. And not replaced with anyone good.
I don't know, I'm worried that extension is going to his head...
I think it would depend upon who they are talking to.
Ok, then who stole the most home base? Over the entire career
Whys that
Can't really blame the fans, this is a bad product.
Figure if they lose 10 games they might've won with him pitching, there goes the playoffs.
I played a bit myself.
Yes, it does have new features that are fun for all.
No,I had to use the restroom.
no players needs intentional throwing, it can be detrimental to anyone. I get they were upset at Macado's slide that one game, saying he was trying to hurt the sox guy on purpose.
He is so fast.  He gets to all those balls that I don't think he will.  He is really impressive.
Is that right?
Like you don't like the fights.
Well they only faced him every 5th day and the White Sox are good.
Yes, I love it when they go into extra innings.
They walked 10 batters yesterday.
Look at that grin.
He has a AVG of .347, last time I checked.
I hope to go to at least a few.
Your right.
that's not too bad.
See this is what gets me mad about baseball
Do you know how huge their budget is compared to some of the other teams?
I like the Dodgers.
The game which Kershaw pitched was the only one in the series which the Dodgers won.  That was the same game in which Cueto and Grandahl went at it.
I would start there and go forward
The drug use has really turned me off of baseball.
That sounds great to me.  I haven't had a chance to see them live this year.
nah, same fans, just different priorities
My dad was a big New York Yankees fan back in the day
Hope Giants can turn things around fast.
Thats ok. We're champions now. Aren't we?  Hey... hey what do you say? The cubs are going to win today.
but you know im a huge padre fan!
Really? I was there at that game too!
Most of the new players are nowhere near as good as the old ones.
Up against the Nationals? I think they have a fighting chance. Would give them a leg up in the season
Maybe show the record in games he starts
Your telling me you saw Babe Ruth hit 4 home runs in a single game?
i have only ever been to a few
Wow, that is a great story.
I think it will. They've taken a risk with some younger players this year, and it's paying off.
Yeah, but that is a lot of "ifs". I just don't see it happening.
I know, his longest was around 460 feet this year.
The team is in great shape, I think they can compete. The Cubs look good too though.
I think they have a chance to make it to the last bout.
What makes you think they wont
I'm not sure but I think it might be tonight as well.
They did last year before their regional collapse
Haha, yeah.
Oh, Cam is great now. That was ouy helping him?
Mattingly and Geren exchanged heated words during the benches-emptying ninth and had to be restrained from each other.
So are these ratings only taking into account primetime games?
I just think when people hit homers more fans come out
You from Texas.
Maybe you are correct, but they better start turning this thing around fast.
good thing they did not win.
I think it was back in 1984.
That would be Ned Williamson, who played for the Chicago White Stockings in 1884. His 27 home runs, along with his team's 142 total home runs was a fluke.
Yeah, they didn't care if they were great or not. As long as they ate up innings,
I bet he had a new favorite team immediately after that.
Can you rub the dirt off?
Why did they bring back Reyes?
Their pitching staff is unfortunate.
Yeah that's what I hear.
I'm not sure, but I would say it's around 600 feet
Yeah the Yankees are their competition this year. To me, they are the frontrunners in the American League
Why can't they get into their heads it's just a little league game for fun!
I guess we will see.
I know.
Everyone messes up so i think the guy will do great when he is up to bat.
It's the pitching.  They have a pretty good rotation.
They should be suspended.
The Rangers are ok, but they have their own problems.
He'll get tagged out. He's slower than Denny Green on salad day.
No doubt. Both Joey Gallo and Nomar Mazara are having some good years
Did you live in Boston?
No, I think .350 and above should be a league leader.
Until he does it again.
Yeah some, I'll catch a few games now and then.
Right.  Well, the pitcher lucked up and managed to strike out the next batter.
Do you happen to know how much a ticket runs these days?
I couldn't miss the that game.
The games have had really high scores.
Mets vs Angels, right?
What did you eat?
Ah okay, yeah I played little league as well.
I should start paying more attention to the Brewers now, I guess.
The MLB team would be favored in each game, but the odds would probably be against them going 60-0 or whatever the total number of games would be for a season.
Did you see him avoid getting hit?
I liked a lot of players, but they all seem to get traded away.
Do you ever take them to see any games?
Not to be sexist or anything but I don't see why women would want to play professional baseball. All of that pitching isn't good for men.
Yeah that was amazing, nobody thought that they could pull it off.
I believe it is the first four or five rows behind the Yankees dugout.
I think all the sports would have gotten there eventually.
You had me at beer!
We're behind by 3 points
Yeah, and now they're in last place again. Hopefully it's not another 20 years
what do you mean
In 17 years, he got 3,000 hits ... but had far more in Japan.
Something like that--won the Reds and Dodgers series, but now we're on the road.
Yeah, what about you.
He's dealing with a lot, getting over his alcoholism, learning a different way to pitch. And just getting older.
Curt Schilling!!! Man, he's a nut job now.
They must.
The Reds are going to have to play awfully well to compete with this group.
Yup.
Even the greatest Cubs players couldn't get a hit?
I don't know how they could get much worse.  You would think they would be tired of losing.
They should of gave him his statue after his last at bat.
Very true. It's bad when the season is already over and you just got started.
Right?  It's not like it's sand lot baseball!
Yes, he would - he's been a Cub for a long time.
SO you don't think they move Darvish?
I mean would you in your right mind pick a fight with someone who is that tall?
3 in total.
Yeah I played some little league way back when.
Yeah and I dont trust Darvish.
Yep, They won the first inaugural series in 1903, and then a few more after that, and the last one they won was back in 1979
Guys were slipping out there and making mistakes in the rain. Somebody could have gotten hurt.
Good, but they need a team effort to be competitive this year.
I know. That's why I know you wouldn't be stupid enough to pick a fight with someone who nearly has a foot of height on you.
Yeah, I think they are only a couple of games above 500.
Oh, that's too bad. I was really rooting for the cubs myself.
Hopefully he can keep that type of production up throughout the year
They may have to hire a new batting coach. What happened to Barry Bonds?
No, if he found out he would be upset.
After Harper's terrible season in 2016, I don't know if I could trust him on a 7-10 year contract.
Then why is he still on the team.
Yes in 2 ways
What happened during the ninth inning?
But then who will entertain us while we sit on the couch and cram 3000 calories into our gullets?
Obviously the Cubs.
Wow look dad he's up!
How about you?
I think this season's playoff will be very interesting.
Last I checked Paul Molitor was joking around they will just wear their gray uniforms at home to get in that mindset.
Wow, our guys will run all over him!
yes they sure do
Yeah, it would be a miracle if he got that batting average over 200
No never did. you?
They sure dodged a bullet there.Early reports indicted Tommy John surgery, with a return in mid 2018.
Maybe. I do like that they get by without a Steinbrenner type running the show.
well, you will convert it to mechanical motion or energy first, kinetic energy won't come into play until you release the ball. Stride is to get that motion going and at the same time start the arm cocking or extend your arm back to start the forward motion.
like jeter and them? some new young stars?
I hope he gets admitted to the umpire hall of fame.
At any point.
I'd love to see the good ol' days of Mark McGuire and Sammy Sosa...
But if I have to make an account just to watch a game, it won't happen.
wow! and he's still a rookie right?
How do you think it should be handled?
Wow, it sounds like you've got a star on your hands!
I'm not sure, possibly Dillon Bundy?
They just dont have timley hitting.
I think Schwarber will be fine offensively
I hope you're right because I cant' stand the Yankees.
Kind of.  It's up to the umpire.  He has to make a determination based on what he thinks is the "ordinary effort" to catch the ball.
It is a real shame a game of statistics has basically been ruined - PEDs are evrywhere in the game now in my opinion.
Yeah I have an MLB package deal.
Me too. It really looked like it was going to get bad.
Yeah, but that's not the Rangers fault. You got to perform against whomever is out there.
It's boring.
Yes.
They can't keep an ERA under 4.0.  Which is no way to win games
Yeah I don't think the Yankees will stay this strong.
Oh okay, who are they a farm team for?
Same here.  There's nothing like a Louisville.
I believe next week
i think thats the worst kind of punishment
You should also get Michaels to sign it too
Nope. They just built that new stadium, so maybe that will give the fans something to be excited about.
I would go build out the starting pitching first.
What's his name?
You could be right, there. The other good thing is that it is still pretty early in the season; they have plenty of time to turn things around.
I don't really have a player, just like the team.
Oh I'm sure they're selling a ton of his jerseys right now.
Even after Pedro dominated the Yankees for the 1st half of his career, New York figured him out and was a thorn in his side.
The point is that the wood, when it hit the ball, deforms, absorbign some of its energy, which decreases the speed at which the ball will be returned out
KInd of, I think maybe Oak Park. If we do it on a weekday I think there will be space.
Truly one for the record books...
They are not trading anyone I imagine, why fix what isn't broken?
Not only in that specific organization but in the world of baseball
Sure theyll trade those guys away
The Dodgers.
Do you want to go and watch a baseball game sometime?
He's a good nutter.
Absolutely. They have plenty of time
So make him throw one inning a game if that
Yup, kissy good old baseball.
My parents forced me to do it a couple of summers. I wasn't bad at it by any means but it just didn't click with me/my interests.
So, you might as well root for the team you'll happen to get tickets for.
Did they now? That could be interesting
Now the Mets turn to Zack Wheeler to see if they can keep this going
I don't get it, I really don't. They without a doubt have some of the best talent in college baseball.
You know he  scored a run against the Cincinnati Reds after a wild pitch on Tuesday?
What position did you play?
So they can't hit a pitched ball.
Yeah exactly.
Yeah that's what I thought
Coaches should control themselves.
And fires nothing but strikes.
Boston is nuts.
Well their ace Ivan Nova will be on the mound tomorrow.
Oh yes, the rose.
Yeah i watched the yankees game and it was just so Rote and almost put me to sleep.
Yes, and he did okay last night.
That is a day i would be busy then  so i will have to record their game.
Yeah, I know. But old age catches up to you.
He was third base last night.  Saw a good bit of hits, but like I said, the mud.
They better hope that he is feeling much better tomorrow.
Even if it doesn't happen I'll still enjoy the game.
I'm a Rays fan.
You owe me dinner, buddy.
I can't, I have to watch my kid while my wife is out. We could turn on the TV and watch a game though.
They play lots of games on the local channels and you can watch some online.
You mean Andy Van Slyke isn't close?
Well, it's kind of early to tell but they look good.
I think they have enough talent to get better and better and win the West.
They'd be there to encourage each other. I can't wait to see if they both make it.
Theres always that too.
Do you follow college baseball at all?
Plus they have all the money to spend at the deadline.
Yep. It wasn't until 1850s in New York, that they tried to standardize the ball weight, size, etc. But it wasn't until 1876 that AG Spalding convinced the the National league to adopt his balls.
Yeah but it's still early. I wonder if they can really keep the pace for the season.
Once you get into the postseason anything can happen. Just ask the Royals.
Tell me about it.  Sandoval is not the answer.
Did the benches clear?
He wasn't known for hitting batters on purpose, the fast pitch was hard enough to hit and he was a tough guy but a pretty good sport.
Especially KERSHAW
But then again so is holds.
That was the first series I've watched in a long time.
Insubordination: that's code for "you pissed off the wrong people", isn't it?
Oh, well, we can't all be good at sports.
For what? You don't have any talent.
And that will end eventually because everything is cyclical
Yeah, don't push it buddy.  I'm trying here.
It's a rare rule.
That sounds like fun.
Yea, probably justified.  I don't mind those pitches too much as long as you don't go after a player's head.
Yeah, they seem to be the ones who make these amazing catches or throws.
I know, in the past week, they lost 9 players!
Yeah they are the closest to me.
How about the Rockies?
Yep. That is a team that has long needed to tear it down and rebuild
A simple bloop single could do it.
Sure, he's up there now with all the greats.  Babe Ruth, Joe DiMaggio, Mickey Mantle...
Yeah that way you can make a determination which direction to go
Real.
I'm surprised they can't, with what they charge for a hot dog.
I don't see this group getting any better.
Yeah, I plan on going later this summer when the Cubs come to town.
Oh, that's not true, we still have our 18 million dollar man who's hitting .150. He probably has some other injuy, again.
Man, I hope not. They really need a couple of these guys to stick.
Who is available?
Stealing home isn't common, so this number is pretty small. And it's not kept as a record separately from the other steals.
The price of tickets are absurd
It really is and those folks down there are not the greatest when it comes to supporting local teams.
It's going to be tough...
Were you good?
That's cool.  I hope I can go there sometime.
It ended with a grand slam.
Well hopefully all that stuff has stopped and the Red Sox and O's will be civil in the next game against each other.
Gary Sanchez caught a heck of a game last night.  I thought the ball was going to go right past him.
yep
I like the tactics.
I am shocked Pedoria doesnt keep him in line.
Yes, it makes you feel like you got your money's worth.
That's not going to win you a lot of games.
Oh, he is so happy.
Oh okay, right on!
Do you prefer to watch baseball live or on television?
We could go to a game of you boys want?
its the food and drinks that cost the most.
I agree
That bad, huh.
Oh okay out west.
Who else is pitching for the Giants without Bumgarner there?
I think you are on to something.
That bad.
Great! I'll check to see what tickets are still available.
yeah probably, any way, I had these off days
Too bad the Dodgers left
Yep. They are really struggling.
Ha Ha. You have one championship and we have tons of them.
alright ill take you
Nice. That walk-off home run was amazing right?
I would not go quite as far as that some of them are quite good.
I think they can beat them. I mean they are not he best, and the Mariners had a strong few games.
Some guys get no run support
No I wasn't alive back then but it's documented that he did.
yes me too
When is the next game?
It is. Aaron Judge is amazing.
It would be a really cool story though if they could pull it off.
Was that the longest homerun in the Major Leagues this year?
Yeah, making the postseason is just the first step. Think they can make it to the World Series?
They may even win if they keep it up.
The writing is on the wall with him
Yeah. But it's a late start west coast game.
Yeah, that game against Texas A&M was exciting, very back and forth
They can't play hockey for garbage.
It was. We used to practice a lot.
Anything else interesting happen?
Yes, the ratings are for regular season primetime games.
Yeah but what were they worth knowing everyone was juicing?
That's where I grew up, don't live there anymore.
Yeah they have definitely looked like a underachieving ball club.
Yeah, Go cubs you earned that victory.
Wow!  That long ago huh?  I think they've held the World Series title only 4 times.
Man. How do you know all of this?
Well, it kind of worked out for them last  year.
You almost couldn't blame the kid if he was rude back.
I sure I can, but why.
Who knows hes a shell of himself
Yeah, they have to pretend Harvey is actually an ace.
Good to take the family to.
Who is you all time favorite player
Yeah, but I hate the Yankees, I wouldn't mind the Astros getting to the World Series
They all take it like their kid is in the World Series.
It is just really exciting to see them playing so well.
What was Marte thinking using PEDs.
I guess your right but he cost them the playoffs you know
Their bats aren't bad either.
Why, it's their bodies! They can do what they want.
The Rangers beat them bad last year in their series.
What happened? I can't hear over my own tinkle. Mauer's headed toward second?
Yeah they just need more consistency away from their home confines.
Nah, I just like them since I think it's a cool team
How about for a power hitter who leads the league in batting
He wouldn't!
Yeah I'm the say way.
But there were still two on base with only one out, right?
For Wrigley's Stadium?
Why else? The dodges seer back in town.
Yeah, they lost to the Brewers 11-9 last week.
They're at Citifield
I wasn't very hungry. I only had a chicken burrito, a burger, two hot dogs, and 7 beers.
We weren't very good.
Yes you should.
With all this talk aside, I would pay a lot of money to see a game like this played.
No.
Yeah I know, so sad.
When school is out, I try to get them to at least one over the summer.
So you think Babe Ruth was right?
Well they have always been rivals to the Cardinals and that helped them to get better.
I can't even imagine being that close.  I always end up higher up, more often then not in the nosebleed.
I think you might be right but may be wrong.
You're such a loser!
I know, but these guys don't start playing until the bottom of the 7th. Just you watch.
Other than the Rays for a few years and the Royals for a few years, it seems like there are about 10-15 small teams that are invisible.
I mean he's striking out like no tomorrow
How much more?
Where are they going?
I like the Yankees.
I guess. Still making the big bucks though.
Yeah, he's kind of become a political talking head
They're in the area, kinda.
But it can be done, they just got to get some timely hitting and good pitching.
What's next for them. Win 2 in a row.
Yep, their top hitter was struck out.
I was just getting settled into the A's game and some fool spilled his drink on me. I missed the play.
He was truly the heart and sole of the team.
Yeah this is an organization that needs to start over from scratch.
What would have happened it one of his own players had gotten hurt?
He sure has - 65 years...
Only if they drop out of contention for sure and I don't expect that to happen.
No way. I'd be doing my best to stay on his good side.
I was the only one really.
Oh neat.
Think he will get hurt?
What's the deal was that shoeless Joe guy?
Oh I see. Yeah that is dangerous and a little bit irresponsible of the league.
I know, especially since the Brewers are on fire.
Definitely. My mother didn't raise and idiot.
Who do you think is the best team in the American league?
I think people would still go to the games forever, it's just tradition.
Yeah. They really needed this type of performance last night. The team has been struggling.
He's gone. The only one who learned anything from him was Ozuna.
Let's take him tonight.
Yeah, it's like he turns it on when he wants to.
I think he's earned the right to decide when he's done.
Which are?
Kipnis hit a fastball off of Barnes and it went into right field. This allowed Encarnacion to score.
Maybe Americans should learn something.
Yeah I guess that was obvious.
Wow look son its coming right for us!
Cubs Stadium.
I might try to see a game or two in person.
Ha! They should also display the Royals colors all over the stadium.
Yeah, and we have 3 guys who actually have a couple game hitting streak despite the losses.
I believe wacha is coming back to pitch in the next game
He's definitely not Tony Gwynn at the plate!
Yeah I played in high school.
He really underperformed last year, even though he may have won around 17 games.
How so? What about him do you mean?
That's what it's called? really?
yeah, exactly like that! this is just what they need
I'm pretty sure there isn't an umpire hall of fame.
Well if you are paying them to play and they arent playing then I think they should forfeit the money
Smackin' balls outta the park and roundin' the bases while fist pumpin' on steroids..
Are you serious?
Yup, he hardly played last year
I think you put him in there and tell the whole story. Under his statue or picture or whatever you put all the things he did for the game good and bad.
Yeah, he's pretty talented to be honest.
He's a pretty decent pitcher.
Or getting decent pitching.
So its that its early and he will rebound?
Me too. But trust me it is not going to be easy. They are going to have to earn it.
So if, say, a short-stop should catch a batted ball easily but he lets it slip through his mitt, the umpire can invoke the rule because the short stop should've caught the fly ball?
What do you think of the Washingotns Nationals this year?
That sounds neat.
I can't believe Mattingly's explanation of it.
Yep, you are right. At the end of the day a win is a win.
It's perfect. Timeless.
Was it a good game?
Arroyo?
Me either, but who knows, it is very early in the season.  Ask me again after the All-Star Break.
You know I'm not sure.  Mets maybe?
What type of glove do you use?
Will you be watching it?
then they need a progressive thinker
Multiple signatures would be awesome
Maybe, but when my team isn't winning it doesn't matter where they are playing
Once you can get through 6 then you go to the pen
Lloyd Moseby is his name
I hope so. And you're right about time; I don't think I will really get worried about the season until after the All-Star game.
Oh okay.
And the Yankees really wore the Astros out after the ceremony.
Though Pedro battled and battled, he was only 170 pounds and often ran out of gas vs, the Yankees. The New Yorkers were patient and made him tire.
And the BBCOR bats don't?
That'd be sweet, not too far from my apartment.
So it was a DH pitching do a DH who hit a DH while it was Sox vs.
I mean if another team gets better by trade, like the Yankees.
Very true
Interesting. I cant see them standing pat
They are the best in L.A..
Certainly. We can go to a high school game.
He's an absurdly good nutter.
Yeah, you just can't panic. Just gotta stay on the path.
Thats not a bad idea
You going tonight.
Same, but I guess there were a few good memories. Probably why I'm starting to get into it - little bit of nostalgia.
Yeah. Last years I got 3 pairs.
It explains why they are doing better this season.
What type of year is he having?
This is very true but I think this year may be their year.
No, I didn't. I have been a little too busy lately to keep up with baseball.
I was catcher.
Exactly.  Next practice will be focusing on hitting I think.
I think Harper has more power.
but that new coach they got apparently is no good.
I think they do a good job of that.
MLB needs to use him as the example of game pace.
God, I love Boston.
Yeah he was the NL pitcher of the month in April
He did tarnish him self.
I never watched a yankees game and i will never will.
Every time Bryce Harper comes up to bat I can only think about that commercial where the baseball bubbles are coming out of his nose.
I promise you will not regret it the whole team is amazing. Their batters can hit anything.
Lasorda makes numerous appearances on behalf of the Dodgers.
Eh, so he wasn't able to make all the plays.
They need a quality start from somebody in that rotation right now.
What if I do really badly?
Oh Florida, interesting.
Fine, but only you.no body else.
Do it! I'll walk you through every detail, and you'll love it by the end of it. I haven't even talked about the pitcher getting tired yet.
That sounds great what site do you use to keep track of the players though?
Haha. Good player but noooooo.
What other teams do you like besides the Cubs?
I would not be surprosed to see Clevel;and back in it in the American League again this year.
Landon has been talking about it for years.
So players are limited to what they can do?
I do. I follow my alma mater, Florida State.
I do love what Girardi is doing with a mix of young and old.
Spalding as in the sporting equipment guy?
I know right? They made the playoffs last year but gave it up early on.
Yeah baseball is a game that if a team gets hot at the right time they can really take off.
No, he was a bust.  And Holt is good, but not for everyday.
No. It was that got him in the thigh. It didn't look like it affected him.
One that did not get much notoriety was Hoyt  Wilhelm.  He didn't make the majors until his late 20's from his war service and was best known as a n awesome relief pitcher.
He needs a haircut
I think thats the same thing as a save essentialy.
Yeah exactly.
Yes, pretty much.
I'm actually thining of trying out for this new team Luther made up.
Let's get back to the game.
I think that we will see it turn quicker but who knows.
Ok.  Well, are you excited for the upcoming season.
I guess that makes sense.
Yeah it's a blast and the kids love it.
And you know Bautista is not going to stop flipping bats.
How are you as a batter?
I'm going to Cincinnati and want to catch a Reds game, are they still at Cinergy Field?
That's cool.
The surprise team no doubt
Does that mean trading Posey?
I would not be surprised.
I know he was really well known, but was he actually that good?
Then your fanbase won't scream too loud if you start slashing payroll.
Boston is pretty okay.
Yeah, the cost to taste ratio is not good.
They'll come around. Verlander is still on top of his game. Plus he has Kate Upton to help him at home.
That should be a rowdy atmosphere.
Gordon is such a waste of payroll.  I can't believe they signed him to that huge contract when he's always injured. We could have spent that money better elsewhere.
Well, Altherr looks legit
I think the Royals closer, maybe the Rays or White Sox.
You've been stumped
Thats new york for ya
Yeah that is very true. Combine that with an awful product. and you get tons of empty seats.
But lately they've shown signs of life.
Nope, terrible.
Yes, they have had some great players through the years.
By Jones?
I hope to get to see the O's play Tampa in June, but depends on work.. I don't hear much about them or the Marlins, and I live in Florida! Like they just dont exist in the news realm.
He made that tag at home too.  That guy should have been safe, but Sanchez put the glove in the right place.
But he didn't get 18 mil every year, he started with 2.3 mill at Mariners.
You like the blood.
Hes not a huge team leader.
I should hope so!
Even with that they were in a good position to win until reliever Mike Montgomery blew it.
He also looks kind of tired.
Frazier, the leadoff hitter, is 10 for 20 in his last four games, so we will see what the rest of the season has to hold!
I would rather watch live. Being apart of the crowd is a great experience.
Let's stay home.
we could sneak snacks in.
You should be able to do what you want when you want
It's like they're playing with a loaded deck. And not even playing with it well!
Yeah.
Matt Cain, Ty Blach, Hunter Strickland. I want to see Lincecum again.
They may be able to reduce some times in other places but I am not sure what that would entail.
Yeah pretty much.
I wonder who the starting pitcher for the Reds is Sunday?
yeah, nothing to do at 7pm!
Yes, that was some rivalry
The last series with the Reds and Dodgers wasn't bad though.
Yeah but we appreciate it more. It might be another 100 years.
alright cool
It was, I spilled my beer.
But they are not as good precisely.
I kind of hope they do. Would be nice to see them make it all the way, maybe even win.
Like Cole Hamels?
I still think Babe Ruth is over rated, baseball has changed so much since he played.
i think if they were cheaper i would go
I am not sure. I am going to watch the Red Soz and Athletics tonight.
Totally! Where'd he come from?
Well don't hold your breath because the Twins are going down.
No, it was close but someone hit a ball farther in Miami.
Well, I was worried about the Cubs after last season, but they seem to be underperforming so far.
But, I am still hoping the Cubs pull back and take it all home.
That they dont like him?
I hate those games. Oakland tonight right?
I missed it but I was not surprised that Florida won the next day
That's kinda true.
Well if you can get me as good as him I'll consider you a miracle worker.
Taylor, 26, finished a triple shy of the cycle. The home run gave him a career-high five.
I guess that's pretty believable data since many fans watch throughout the summer months.
I think people can forget about that.
I see.
Exactly and their pitching has left a lot to be desired.
Yes it was a well deserved trophy.
I think they could do it again.  It wasn't that long ago that it looked like a good possibility that they would go far again.
My dad gave me a book on baseball trivia when I was ten. I have been studying it for nearly 10 years now.
Yeah, they had a lot of pitchers hurt and just filled in the gaps with guys up for one start and then back down.
I know. That's what you teach kids when you're rude to them!
Just skiing
They should sign Utley. He always hits homers into that right field corner
I am excited for the playoffs.
Yeah I should do that.
I love Ty Cobb. The guy was a prick, but he was a thourouhgred.
Truthfully, anyone but the Yankees!
If their kids had any real talent, they would playing in the pay leagues so just let them have fun and make mistakes
They were pretty good last year.
Cheater, no wonder he was so fast.
I would not blame just him i would say everyone on the team was at fault
It would be cool to see them in the World Series.
Because it gives them a CLEAR advantage that others cannot have.
This is a different Astros team.  A better blend of young stars and seasoned veterans.
Ohhh, he tripped. Well, he did get in sight of second base. He's improving.
Well the good thing is they have time.
Or rather, you started liking them once they started winning World Series titles
If that were the case I would say .320.
I would not bet against it.  He's pretty unsportsman like.
Hard to catch a lot of games, so busy these days.
Exactly.  They could have still switched him out.
Yeah, I paid about $50 dollars the last time I went but I was wondering what they cost now?
Do they play then tonight?
Still, I have hope the team can turn it around.
Oh no, traffic. Sometimes I hate when they're playing home.
Who helped you out of the stadium? Or did you just roll down the steps?
Us either.
Going into the season there was so much negativity I just figured they were going to be really bad.
Likewise, but I still think your delusional if you think a NCAA college baseball team will have any chance at beating an MLB team on the field.
You need better cable.
I hope the new stadium will be worth it.
I love going to see games.  The stadiums are huge!
What did he say?
I love the rivalries in baseball, it is one of my favorite parts.
It isn't a huge deal though.  Half of the fun is the spirit and the energy of the ballpark, not the seats.
Its tough to say to be honest, I think it could have went either way.
I know. Ha!
Hope you're right, I got money riding on this.
I think the Twins and Brewers are actually in first place, but how many people realize that?
that will take care of itself
Well, last year he passed Pete Rose as the all-time hit king.
Chicago for one I think--Krukow and Keiper were talking about Wrigley Field being remodeled and complaining about the fact that it will be awhile before the announcers' booth is worked on.
Ah okay.
For sure. This is his last season with the Yankees. Hope he invested his money wisely.
So, the Rockies are playing well now eh?
They do good.
Yeah but I think the Cubs exposed their pitching that last series.
Your funny.
Wow, that is so cool.
Sorry.  You just missed the guy getting thrown out on second.
I really miss seeing him play.
Yeah this team won't be good for a long, long time.
The Braves would have really been sucking wind then!
Well, I sure hope you will go.  We will have a good time.
Doug Fister signed with the Angels can he get back into old form?
Exactly my point.  Not everyone will try a giant to see if he is tough or not.
You said 3.
Yeah it was fun.
No just dont know if he has big game moxie
Black Sox Scandal. Shoeless Joe was an outfielder for the Chicago White Sox. And he and 8 other players were accused of fixing the world series to make some money from the gamblers at the time.
Yeah. Hopefully we won't see that too often going forward.
I did not expect that team to be doing so good.
Reminds me of when a young Porcello accidentally hit Youkilis and for no reason whatsoever Youk charged the mound and an incredibly confused, and skinny Porcello used all that weight moving in his direction to just throw Youk to the ground.
For me it is a toss up between the Astros and the Yankees.
It would be worth it forever! Having a home team that is close to your heart.
Yeah they were coming off of a 1-6 road trip.
He's doing real good, right? Probably the only all-star for them this year.
Let's buy tickets.
With Trout, you know what production you're getting every year.
Not if it hurts the team?
They are going to have to overpay for him and they may have to trade him
What was the last score?
Americans are in general low IQ beasts.
They're my favorite team afterall.
Billy catches the ball*  Wow dad I.... *looks over at his dad then drops it on the ground as another little girl near him gobbles it up*
You don't even know the mane.
Really? If you do, let me know.
Ha! Good One. I'm looking forward to the game, it should be a good one.
Yeah, I guess it's not their fault we keep losing.
oh really, I have not heard that,  that is great news.
I would even take him being a serviceable hitter. He's not even a major league quality hitter right now
What position?
Well, that may be correct, but for 30 million a year, you need to pitch better than he did.
I mean their success doesn't seem entirely dictated on who can afford the best players.
Yep. And as the stride ends, the foot plants on the ground, the arm stretched back will start to move forward, and this is the start of the release phase. And you do that by accelerating your arm towards the home base.
they have been a little weak lately, so I'm glad to see this
Well there should be one, just dedicated to this one guy.
So if a guy gets hurt he shouldnt get paid
Yeah, those were the days...
I am dead serious. Facebook can't be trusted.
Wow, this season is shaping up to be better than i thought
I can see your point. Just put it all in there how he was suspended and everything.
It sounds like it!
He more the decent.  He is the ace of their staff right now.
Thats the most shocking I think.
I do think so. He's also been in the league exactly long enough, that the league knows his profile as a hitter now and are exploiting any weaknesses he may have.
They just need to play better on the road.
It's up to the umpire's discretion.  It's why they're trained and go to umpire school, I guess.  Makes sense.
I think iof they can stay healthy they will have a shot at the playoffs again.
Yeah its pretty handy.
Yes! Being down by five is no reason to throw at a batter.
It sure is. Now it's going to be interesting to see if they can keep this streak going.
It's dead. Rotting.
It was ok I guess.
He gets the strikeouts, but if you give a hitter a piece of that slow moving train...
I can do that.  You going to any games this year?
Oh okay.
I have a Wilson.
Yes, I will. Will you be watching it?
As a comissioner?
It would also make a good souvenir for the baseball collection.
Yeah being in constant rebuild mode is not a lot of fun
So they dont need a closer?
No way, he played on the Tigers!
Let's just hope they can build a little momentum before then!
What about you?
What was the final score, I didn't watch it all.
It was a battle to watch though! The greatness of Pedro vs. the grittiness of New York.
Not that they don't, but it give them the way to control how fast the ball get returned after it's hit by the bat. hollow bats return the ball faster given the same power
Sweet! I'll ask my roommate and maybe put an ad on craigslist.
....yeah yeah we get it
Ah yeah, that would suck. I still think though the Astros are very good.
It is so important to remember the greats and make sure that they are honored correctly.  20 years in baseball is a long time.
Either can I, but theyll use it as a farm system
What time dj wet have to be there?
That would be a lot of fun. Maybe we can go next week?
He loves to be a good coach.
The Cubs will be fine. They are the best team in baseball.
And then you put Velasquez as the closer
No I have tickets for next home stand
The closest I'll get to it is via the Wii and even then...
Are they usable on any home game?
I bet the decision was made when they did awful last season.
He's doing okay he is 2-2 this year with a 3.76 ERA
Couldn't agree more. Kramer Robertson is going to be a top MLB draft pick next year.
One of his teammates hugged him after he hit a single off the Chicago Cubs Jon Lester late last month.
Oh cool.
Sounds like you guys need it.
Yeah, but not as good defensively.
really?  That Daniels guy?
Well not when their bench gets warned.
He's really, really good.
I know.
True, but he has not won a game in May
He was good.
Why will you not ever watch them i mean they are boring but not the worst thing out there.
Right! That commercial is hilarious!
We will see i am not so sure about that. But I want to look into the current trades though as i want to follow them you plan to follow?
He is a staple in that organization.
Not all of them.  He actually lost his shoe in the mud once!
Yeah Bonilla is the first pitcher they have had to go more than 5 innings since the losing streak started
I will still enjoy watching you play. I like baseball.
Yeah really like going to the games.
Your sounding weird again.
Sound great. You grab some beers out of the fridge and I'll get the TV warmed up.
Just check out ESPN they got the source for everything.
Kirby Puckett and Beltran for modern guys, but they're not Griffey.
I'm a pretty big Tigers fan
Been a long time since they have done much so yes, would be great to see them get back to the series.
I know and Ron has wanted it since kindergarten at least.
I dont see how its bad to be honest it keeps them safe.
Nice, they've been so close to winning it all so many times.
Completely agree, love Holliday mixed in with Judge and Sanchez.
Yep. he was a picther and pretty good one at that, and he happened to make his own balls, and thought that his was better than others, and the NL agreed, and the ball remained for the next century.
Yeah well the pitching decision was the worst.
I would love to see Trout in the postseason.
Right, he's a great utility man.  Maybe we can make a trade during the season.
I can't wait until Bautista is out of the league.
I think he hit a home run in his first big league at bat and had a screwball that was almost impossible to hit.  I don't know how many saves he had but i think he played until he was almost 50.
MLB should ban long hair
Yeah its not conclusive but it is what it is
I'm a Marlins fan myself.
Did they do anythng else to him.
I'll come watch if you do.
Okay, what was the score?
It goes without saying in my opinion
Yeah.  We're going to win the series this year!
Yeah, same.
Very cool.
No way.  There's almost pressure on him to flip his bat now.
I'm okay. When I've played, I usually get a hit every other time at bat, though mostly singles.
No, they have a great new stadium called Great American Ball Park.
Is there a team near you?
I think they set a franchise record for wins so far
Well, that would truly be a tear down.
Why?
Oh for sure!  He's their all-time leader in hits, at-bats and stolen bases.
Yeah that's a really good point.  A lot of fans are knowledgeable about how this works.
Boston is a horror and the team reflects that.
It's supposed to be sunny for the next game, though.
I'll give you that. Won't help the team much though.
It's going to be great. I'm going to bring my son with me for the 1st time.
I know. oh, geez, Royals are now behind 4-3. Only 6 outs left to go ahead. Yeah, I feel real good about this- I knew I shouldn't have turned it on.
Yeah, he might be the real deal. Luckily they have a good minors system
Didn't they try to go after the White Sox closer in the offseaon?
Maybe.
Yeah but you want simple people to be able to watch the club
Yeah it's like a ghost town out there. I don't know how this team is making money
Reverting to the mean, to some extent.
Well that makes two of us.
Yes, they have some new prospects as well.
No, Sanchez hit this one.
I don't know much about those teams either.. I don't think they are ranked well. I've heard that they have been holding their own.
Is Ben Heller pitching this weekend?  I want to go to a game and would really like to see him throw.
Back in 1994, what's that worth now?
I mean.
I think he is
What do you mean?
Yeah he came in and immediately loaded the bases
Baseball is good exercise like other sports.
Cool, baseball is my favorite pastime! Thanks for the updates!
Maybe my Cubs will just end up playing your Indians again.
That's fine with me.
who is the local team around us.
I concur with you again
Haha, I see your point.
Good talking to you.
Me, too.  I miss the guy.  I wonder if he'll ever be able to pitch in the major leagues again.
Trimming the roster?
Okay good talking.
I am not sure it matters; they are all bad.
I actually went to buy tickets last night and realized they were leaving for the road trip
You don't get those kinds of rivalries these days
True. They've got the Cards coming up. You think they'll win the series?
Now thats true. So true. The yankees are going to win this year.
ok meet me on tuesday to catch the game
Ok, were going then!
Let's agree to disagree but I gotta go the games about to start
I do not think they could make it that far! But who knows.
Yeah just like him
Whatever dude. Derek Jeter isn't even in the Hall of Fame.
me too
Who do you think will win?
The Yankees actually drafted him four years ago out of college in California.
Sometimes baseball is funny and the best team doesn't always win.
Mike Stanton?
Yeah, maybe they'll make it.
Who do you think beside them might make it?
No that the coach is losing the team.
Yeah. I'm not sure how they're doing this year.
What do you think of Auburn?
But they play fists like nothing else.
Cam plays for the Stars now.
I must say, that sounded like a fun game.
I agree and now with more free games streaming on Facebook you can expect ratings to go up even more.
Tell that to Rafael Palmeiro
Good chatting.
Their startes are not giving them quality innings right now.
I love baseball season in the summer.
Well, if they are going to get any title, they need to bring a stronger game.
You cheater! No wonder you know so much about baseball.
Either way, management seems to have things under control.
It's not like the kid did anything terrible.
Want to hold it?
I think his career is over too.
This might be the Nationals year.
Good talking to you.
You seem to have knowledge of baseball
Yeah maybe the Astros can pull it off. They have to believe in themselves.
I'm surprised Roberts made it as long as he did.
At the end of last year they were pretty good.
Not good examples but I am sure they are one of many in MLB
Possibly but this game is fire and i think he is batting better at least so far.
A Houston/Milwaukee match-up would be an advertiser's nightmare.
Yeah, but they shouldn't be illegal in the first place.
I hope you are right.  Who do you think they will play in the World Series?
Look at me. I'm drinkin' while peeiing. Weeeee! I'm a filter.
Yeah but they are already 8 games back. You don't want to fall further behind.
Well, everyone likes a winner
Its hard to judge based just on batting average I guess
Eventually some one will hit him in the mouth again.
Bye.
But they didn't.
I know that you can get a real good ticket, on Stub Hub, for around $165 now.
Yup, at 710 for the first pitch.
Me too. There's a lot of talent on the Mets.
Well they're back on the road a bit before the subway series
I went with a buddy from worker. He wasn't drinkin'. We had a great time. I don't remember much after the 5th inning, though.
Good talking to you.
Yes, not many people had confidence in this team.
Ehhhh who really knows. We'll never get the chance to actually witness a game like that being played.
Come over.
Me too.
Yes.  I am also amazed by the different food options served during the games.
Babe Ruth said something to the effect that women were too delicate and liable to get hurt if they played baseball.
Every team has their own rivals, drama makes anything more exciting.
I agree with you somewhat, but it would be exhilarating to sit that close, be able to hear conversations in the dugout.
I wish they would get rid of the every team needs a rep rule
Let's go!
How much?
Probably cause their stays won't be long. I can't see the Indians and Cubs not winning those divisions.
you think so
Dang, I didn't realize that.
Those guys are entertaining.
Good talking to you.
Yeah. Say, who's pitching for the Yankees against Tampa tonight?
Yeah, best record in baseball right now
They do amazing.
True, but when the Cubs are hot, they will expose a lot of teams.
I wish I could see them play thou.
I wish the Phillies keep up on this winning streak.
Did you see that?  That was almost a triple play!
I'm glad I got to see him place live in person before he retired.
But you never know, things can change fast in sports.
All in all, let's just be grown ups and play ball here, okay?
I talked to Ray and he said that we will go with you and Mary.
Fister? I hardly knew her. Haven't seen him in a while so lets see him throw some minor league innings first.
You're right. Especially if that giant swings a baseball for a living.
Yes, me and the people who work the baseball shop.
Good talking to you.
Thats interesting for a take
Did he do it? Did all 8 do it? All guilty?
I know they want to get these games in, but you got to protect the players.
The Cubs are going to have to step it up as summer approaches.
That's  one of my favorite charging the mound moments in baseball.
I am not crazy about the rule changed that just allows you to walk a batter intentionally just by letting the umpire know.
I think I'm ready for the next game now!
They are fortunate to be only behind the Yankees by that 1/2 game.
Yup. Oh well, hope they win tonight.
I'll buy them.
So the top two players in the game are Trout and Kershaw.
It's not. They have Reyes.
Man he holds all the cards in this one
It was 5-1. The Indians won the game.
Now you understand why they love football.
WIll you watch it tonight?
*Dad smiles*  Aww son...oh well there will always be a next time!
What is it?
You want to go to the ball park too?
Luckily it should be a blow out with Kansas losing all 5 games against us this year. We should go to the game.
So you gonna come out?
I sure hope he is well rested and ready to pitch
Yeah, but it's not all on him either. His teammates have not been stepping up as well.
I was pitching.
He easily could have won 20 games, the way the Sox hit behind him.
Simply because their owner's rich, right?
Then release and follow through.
hold on, don't disrespect the Yankees. I won't have that
What if it started a trend of people actually appreciating umpires and cheering them on for good call?
If its during a game or team activity thats workmans comp.
Anyway, see you tomorrow at the game?
So how does this work? Is there a page I'm supposed to follow/like to see the games?
It is, keep your eye on them
Yes otherwise it's all just a lie. He is a part of the history of baseball and leaving him out would be a lie.
I'm just glad that he gets a chance to spend time doing something he loves.
Sorry, I forgot Tillman is still down.
Syndergaard really hurt him
He has to adjust back.
Yeah right now they are 13-3 at home but 3 games under .500 on the road.
Well, what's "ordinary effort"?  Is there some criterion or is it just whether the umpire is having a lousy day?
Did you ever play baseball?
Sounds good.
The league really needs to do something about that.
I think they will they have A.J. Girffin starting tomorrow. He's been a stud.
You hate good hockey.
Would you want to see them play again?
Its outta the park.
I have tickets to a few this year, what about you?
See ya.
Mine is an Rawlings.
Yes, I will.
I think that Manfred does an OK job
I do need to get more memorbillia for baseball and this is a perfect start.
I miss the good old days of tomahawk chopping our way to another division title and World Series Appearance
Wait until theyre good
Yeah it's the Shaker himself!
Oh, for sure. I am pretty confident they will.
I like Julio Teheran.
The Yankees won 11-6
Eventually it worked out in the Red Sox favor in 2004, but it took an awfully long time for us Sox fans to get there.
Oh, I see, so it's a safety thing
Yeah, keep me posted! My schedule's pretty open after work.
So as you can see, crazy things happen all the time...
Certainly, I hope we will see them in the World Series.
Yes a very long time.
I bet Steinbrenner is rolling in his grave
17:00
Yes, that works for me. I'm looking forward to seeing some awesome strike-outs and homeruns.
He's great at coaching.
I agree, but watch those Yankees. They are back!
Hes got the heat to do that
Same here
You'd rather play tennis than baseball.
Any game that is not sold out
The owner probably wanted to get rid of the bad ones.
Okay. Not bad.
I think Kramer Robertson is on par with being as good or better then the former LSU player Alex Bregman.
I saw that game. That was Kimera Bartee who hugged him.
Good talking to you.
Yeah.  I might take mine down to the batting cages.
Good point.
Yes, the new one from Florida.
Thats true.
The best strikeout Pitcher since Randy Johnson.
Insane players.
Baseball is a funny game that's how it works sometimes
That's why players get paid a lot.
They are the worst team in the league the best teams are the Indians and the rangers.
They play again today at 3:00.
Definitely i want to get all the info on the newcomers and who is going around.
I might go watch some old Dodger's tapes.
That's funny!  I wish I had been there!
Yeah that won't win you many games in this league
Is that why you wanted me to be in it?
Good chatting.
We'll,I like talking alone with you. We could go on and on about baseball together.
Hey, I'm back with the beer! Wait, where'd you go?!
Wow thanks their is alot here it is almost overwhelming
Always forget about Kirby, if he didn't have the eye thing he might have his numbers would have been even better.
Do you ever go to their games when you're in Michigan?
I am going to see my first ball game in Miller park in Milwaukee on August 3rd.
I remember him practicing at recess way back then.
Thats true do you think a player would ever bargain it into their deal?
I know, maybe this year is the year.
Well, who do you think wins the World Series.
What happened n 1976?
They should have bright in Britton. He wouldn't have cost us the game like that.
The guy definitely deserves to play at that level.
Yeah, go back to the White Sox and get Frazier for third base and Quintana for the rotation.
He's always causing problems on the field.
Now the pitchers usually only pitch for a few innings and are pulled for specialists like mid inning relievers and closers.  They usually only allow them to throw a certain number of pitches then pull them out to not strain them.
Does long hair get in the way of baseball?
I think we need to stop focusing on stats.
Oh okay.
Besides the suspension? No I don't guess so.
The tryouts are next Saturday at one.
I forgot. I'll check my ESPN app right now.
Its such a great sport with so many records.
Not if the Sox can help it!
I'm ambivalent.
Take it easy.
That's true.  If he doesn't it almost seems like he is giving in to public pressure.
I'm not really a great hitter, I can only ever get fast balls and the pitcher learns that pretty quick.  But I'm pretty damn good as a catcher.
Who do you think is the best baseball player?
Not really.
Yeah theyve never had a season start like this
They have to do something, or pray they find some decent pieces in the offseason
He looked tied.
I had no idea.  So did they win the games?
From the penthouse to the outhouse in less than 2 years. Only in Kansas City!
They're boring but they're not bad.
It doesn't matter. I'll be watching on TV.
I still say they will win the division.
That should be a great time. Let me know how it goes and if he enjoys it.
These last 2 seasons have just been soul crushing.  Guess we're back to the team we've had for the last 20 years- a losing one! Ugh!
Yeah - if only the bullpen wasn't awful right?
Supposedly, but nobody knows for sure.
Admit it.
How about Wrigley Field
Me neither. I'm just glad this is not a team that I follow.
They couldn't keep losing the way they have.
Good chatting.
I used to as a kid, but not anymore.
Yeah,I did but not the end.
Yea, that homer by Davis was awesome.
I had to work late and missed the first half.  The second half was great.
That's a lot of omney
The league's weird recently.
The guy is on fire right now.
They were at home.
Yeah the Brewers did a great job of taking over that game
I bet the Vipers will win.
Yeah, it was recording breaking for Frazier!
I sure did. I'm an Indian's fan.
My whole life.
no, i dont.
I heard there was drama
Really? But you do like some sports, right? I've seen you watching football.
Hey.
Sure is.  They've been saying that he won't be back in the game until after the All-Star Game.  But I just read an article that says that he is rehabbing with them in St. Louis and might be back on the field as early as June 1.
Oh they definitely can soon.
Hey
Yes, it was another poor performance by their starting pitcher.
nah, they were off
only a little
Yeah I saw it, Jose getting into it again.
Yeah! Its already started.
yeah joey diaz isnt even good why is he first up at bat
Yup, they did.
Shame I won't be making it to the game today.
No, I did not get the chance. How did they do?
None at all.
Yeah! Wasn't it Saturday night at Yankee stadium?
yes sometimes
No, who won?
I hope so. Last year was a huge disappointment.
Yeah this is a great surprise to me too.
Yeah, I cannot believe that Brad Brach blew another save.
Pretty well! Leading their division.
That was crazy! I did not see that coming.
It seems to start earlier but I really have no clue.
They could use a third-base man.
Yeah, I think Florida will probably win it all
They're good at fighting.
Yes. When are practices?
Yes! It had a little bit of everything going on.
Yup I did. Not a bad deal at all. Even though you may not be able to watch your favorite team each week, it's still cool.
No way how can you say that?
Hi.
They have looked horrible lately.
Oh yeah, It was great.
Yeah, too bad they lost.
What do you have in mind, Carl?
Yeah, it was pretty good.
No, why, what happened?
No I didn't know that.
Thats something I cant answer
What do you mean? They're like 6 games under .500.
Hey.
Yeah, they have great pitching and hitting
Yeah they have won 9 out of their last 10 games.
It starts at noon, but we're supposed to be there about 11:00.
Did they win again?
Yeah, they finally scored some runs.
I think they are only in the second one
No, I've been busy wrapping up the school year.  I'm looking forward to having some time now.
What, wait? Why?
The Astros.
Well, ok, darn it. Who's playing?
How bad is their record?
Not really, I'm more of a Reds fan.
I think that question is hard to answer.
Totally bush league.
Hi.
Yeah, I can't believe you missed it!
Yeah, but I had to turn in early.
Ha ha, your funny.
The one in Arizona?
Yeah, I'm not as excited this year as usual though.
Fooseball?
Hi
No, I didn't.  That's crazy!
All it takes is one hot pitcher
No,I dropped my phone.
Hello
Yes, it is one of my favorite sports to watch.
"Now would it be sexist if we slap her butt after a good outing, Dee?"
Yes I am!
I'm not sure, I haven't really been following their lineup.  I'm rooting for the Yankees!
I think its the best in sports
Which sport?
Always.
Yeah, Braves looked terrible, and now Freeman is out.
barrios is a beast.
I think he is one of the greatest, most hard-working players in MLB history.
Yeah, 17 innings, unbelievable!
Hi
I wasn't expecting the Royals pitcher to be so good.
What about them?
Is there any good American team.
Yeah the Reds just got swept by the cubs.
In Washington of course.
Yes, it was terrific.
Yeah, then he loaded the bases and there was a grand slam.
I know right, who would of expect them to be playing this well.
They are one of the worst teams in baseball.
You mean like throwing balls and bats at players?
Are you going to attend?
Avasail Garcia, buy or sell?
Hmm. Let me think about that one.
Who?
Hello
They are having a tough time even staying near 500!
just about everything you ask is way to overgeneralized. You really can't pick one single game as the start of the world series.
What was the score?
I am not a Chicago fan, so I haven't been following them too closely.
I went to bed early. Did I miss anything good?
Yes, I am surprised how poorly the Cubs are doing.
Baseball of course!
Yeah I saw that, in extra innings on top of that
I can.
It sure was.
Kershaw. He's the greatest pitcher of our generation.
I can't believe they almost blew it.
It is shocking cant see him being a Nat for too long.
I saw Ortiz strike out in the 6th innning.
No what is the new drama?
No.
Yes Dad?
The Dodgers, why?
Nope. I had dinner plans and went out with the wife. How was it?
I did! How many strike outs did Berrios have again?
I don't know if I want to go.
the st. louis cardinals
You know, I think I'm going to just give up on that team
Hello.
Almost nobody in the infield is playing up to expectations.
To some extent. You?
105.1 mph
No, who is that? who does play for?
What? Baseball umpires never get cheered. No matter what they do, they always make somebody mad!
Its a tough line to toe
Yeah, we had seats behind the Giants dugout.
No, what is it?
No, did they win?
I've thought about this before and decided I don't think he should.
Oh, he's still playing?
No.  And I thought that is only a controversy when he's playing the Baltimore Orioles.
Good, everyone is playing about where I thought they would.
Slow start after missing basically a full season and adjusting to a new position seems like a pretty reasonable explanation.
Yeah it's going to be tough with the Yankees' resurgence this year.
They got THREE!  Buster Posey (catcher), Joe Panik (second base) and Brandon Crawford (shortstop).
Yes I have been a fan since I was a young boy.
Hi there.
I saw the video. What even happened?
Heck no! This team is on fire at the moment.
They're okay.
I don't know why?
I didn't, but I can imagine how that one turned out...
Yeah, that was a tough loss.
Hey.
Not really.  I need to buy a new bat.
Yes it was exciting
thats a tough topic
Your at a cubs game no way how?
Yeah it's been a long time since they have been competitive.
Yeah they are not a good team.
Yeah, I started off playing tee ball as a kid
Oh hey! I'm doing good! And yeah, I finally caught a game; their last one.
Yo
You mean the one where they retired Jeter's number?
When I was growing up, Wade Boogs, Dwight Evans and Roger Clemens were my favorite Red Sox players.
It's just a regulation.
Not recently. But I did play baseball in high school?
You mean the Cubs?
I know, first place! I can't believe it!
Yes!  The Padres were decimated.
I think very shortly
Why?
I have, when I was a child.
Canada and America?
It's about time!
They havent shown much progress this year so 3 years.
You don't like it?
To be honest, not really. What about you?
I haven't quite decided.
I am not sure yet i do not think they are doing to well this season.
Yes they did. They got a great performance from DeGrom
No I didn't! I watched the games last weekend though.
You mean the first black African to play in the Major Leagues?
Hi.
Oh yeah, how did that go?
Hey.
What baseball game?
I think it keeps baseball grounded.
What about him?
They've been gross.
I saw that. It's about time, they needed that win in the worst way.
I don't any player should get that money.
I might go if i have time then. Have you watched any good games lately.
Yes! There are a lot of us here since Nashville doesn't have a team.
Yeah i doubt some of those trades are good.
No! Which One?
Well, it actually almost got rained out.
Yeah the Rockies ran all over them last night.
What?
Hello
1846?
Not really. Baseball really isn't my thing.
That is good baseball is a great sport and past time.
Mickey Mantle.
I sure have. I was so excited when they won last year.
I was checking on the game and noticed it was postponed today.
Probably how excited he gets.
What do you mean?
The Arizona Diamondbacks
I would think so but you can never count out Scherzer.
What?
Yeah!
Yeah he is hitting .341 with 13 homes and 30 RBI's
I thought they were okay, but not great.
No, what happened?
Wow, that is a hot topic that would have plenty of good arguments.  I could only say fro sure that the most winning team was the Yankees. Great players mostly have great statistics
Yes! They lost again!
No I think it improves it immensely.
Hello.
Why, was he running with scissors?
Nope. I'd love that, though.
Which game?
No way its untouchable.
Absolutely not!  I'm a Yankees fan!
Like, what, changes?
Hey.
Are you talking about the one where they almost started fighting?
It's okay.  I'd rather play than watch, it just seems like there's a lot time with not much going on.
Yes, I wonder if the Cubs still have it in them!
Hello.
Maybe the Astros, I love the way they play right now
It's been crazy, the question is if they can keep it up
I was there to.
Yeah, they were supposed to play on Saturday but it got rained out.
Man they have really fell off of the wagon.
They're abysmal with fielding.
Yeah, last week.
Overrated. I don't see them going anywhere this year.
It's been a little of a surprise, especially with the Cubs struggling.
I'm watching the Royals game on TV. Are you watching it?
Against the Rangers?
No, I didn't.  What happened?
Ok. Fine,bring it.
Oriole Park at Camden Yards
This team is putrid, horrible and awful combined into one.
Yeah, unbelievable, and not in a good way.
Morning.
I love to see the new prospects playing a great game.
Sweet,I missed it.
Well, the season is just starting- you know it always gets exciting! Come over to my house and watch the game this weekend, okay?
I am not sure, but would happy to look it up for you.  If you need someone to go with you, let me know.  I am free this weekend and would love to see the Yanks.
It's about 3,85 mill. Still respectable even to this date.
Both of us do.
Not in the sense he would ruffle the pitchers feathers.
Baseball games cost and arm and a leg to attend!
The Cubs have Arrieta going tomorrow, so maybe they can right the ship.
Maybe I should play a sport then.
Mine too! I just wish I had more time to watch it! Cool!
If so, we should attend the game.
Awesome then.see you at 6.
the tampa bay devil rays.
Until they clean that up this crap is going to coninue
Thank you! I'll show you a high-scoring baseball game sometime if you're interested; I have some taped.
Bye.
The Angels got rid of him.  I hope he returns to baseball before he gets too old.
That could be the way to stop with all the relievers.
Yeah.
That is sad but true.
boo! next time
No, it's all professional
They should be able to. Or else I will be disappointed.
You always did have a great imagination didnt you? I have to go. The cubs are about to play. Gotta love baseball!
alright, got ya
Alright, game starts at seven.
Well have a good one hopefully I see you on the tube.
I think they should win the world series, they deserve it.
So basically no Cy Young award winner should be based on record alone.
Not yet, he's certainly going to be inducted though.
we should go together sometime
The Red Sox look good this week.
He's the one to watch. I think he could be a Jeter-level superstar.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
But of course :-)
I hope so!
It is hard to say, the Cub, Cards, maybe the Yankees if they get lucky.
I dont see that at all
Me neither. But hey, Billy Beane always has them close it seems.
They seemed to be cruising to an easy conference title but have collapsed the last few weeks
Of course.
Hopefully we don't play against them.
It was. It sure was.
That's true, I wish the NFL would do something like this. HA just kidding that'll never happen.
Thats a different case. He juiced from day one.
You too.
Nope. And I fear more of the same tonight.
I like baseball quite a bit myself.
I agree!
I didn't cheat.
Yeah, they've planned well.
No he didn't. You'd think players would want to encourage all young fans, even if h didn't give his gloves to him.
Sure
Yeah hes barely hitting one hundred
Some Giants fan you are.
You as well.
Yeah, I love the sport.
That's the key, especially for an organization that's not used to winning.
I know I would never volunteer for it!
Yeah they didn't start very good last year.
I agree.
That,s the spirit just believe in him.
But baseball fans would love it!!
We'll have to disagree on this.
I think the Cubs will bounce back after their slow start.  It could be an interesting Cubs-Astros series.
This is the best game ever.
True but they are in contention for one of the wild card spots if all else fails.
Whatever, man.
Thats where I Was going
Yeah, because he just won't stop.  He thinks it is part of the game even though no one else does.
Bye.
Nope.  And the next guy hit in both runners.
Cool & Thanks! Have a good day..... I am gonna look into getting a ticket now!
I'm so watching it.
Once the core team is healthy and returns, I think they'll see better results.
We;ll have to catch that on TV, ticket prices are way too high!
That's the best kind of Twins watching there is.
Bye.
Go Brewers go!
Indeed. Very true.
Ok on my way
bye.
They have everything to choose from when at baseball games.
I think baseball is hard on anybody's body. Man or woman.
It sure does as long as it isn't my own life that has drama!
One day maybe you'll sit there!  I bet the Yankees have contests for tickets, we should look that up!
Yeah thats a bit stale as well
Let me grab my jacket.
I got 100 on a vegas line. I get 150 if we win. Here we go. I'm so excited.
Yeah, but they have both struggled for 40 games now. Still asleep at the switch.
well, only time will tell
You'd hate him. He didn't bet on the game.
Well, I hope we can keep it going on the road.
You too.
I don't know. Tanaka maybe.
Crazy, I don't remember them ever playing that well
Best team we have.
Good point. Hopefully, tonight starts a win streak for the Reds.
They would be cool
Me too!
Yeah, it could have been if the throw from third was better.
Yep, me too.  Something I will tell my kids about.
Maybe, but it's going to take some divine intervention to change this team around.
Sounds good to me!  Steerike!!
Great! Just what I was hoping to hear!  We will pick you guys up around 8 in the morning Friday.
LOL good point
Yep.
He was the best baseball announcer.
You too.
I know but its a fact as well
Well, Chicago White Sox wouldn't win a world series until 2005. They call it the Curse of the Black Sox. Shoeless joe had a home run in the series, perfect fielding stats with no errors, had the highest batting average of 3.75 in the series. Yet he was banned from baseball for life along with the other 8. His records from the series show that he didn't throw the game. Thus the curse.
Yeah you do. You can't have people getting hurt, when it is absolutely unnecessary.
Maybe they can make some trades that would help them.
I'd be scared out of my mind if Stanton started walking towards me like that. I wouldn't know what to do except to either run or try to apologize.
I don't like it either. Takes away from some of the excitement of throwing 4 balls without throwing a passed ball.
Go Royals!
Yeah they are. Now they need to pad some wins.
Game starts in 15 minutes. We'll find out soon.
Get 4 tickets.
They're the most valuable right now.
Reyes isn't reliable.
I just think he deserves a much bigger deal than the one year extensions he keeps getting.
That was a good ending to the game. The Indians have a great roster this year!
Americans are just burgers.
Oh yes.
Yeah dad, guess we'll have to just keep coming back til I finally get one.
Wrigley field
Of course! I have to support my team.
Great idea. I'll look at tickets.
Yeah, sounds  like it will be a great game!
yes, they sure can use some good starting pitching
Your're right! It feels like this hole team has been infected with a loser's mentality.
cool.
I know, and even though I always liked the guy, he threw a real stinker in last year;'s playoff appearance.
Exactly. That gets tiring.
Yep
I forget you are a true fan. My apologies to your people.
That would be just crazy.
I see  your side now
7pm against the Rockies -- see you there.
I'm sure if you follow the main MLB page they will provide a link to the game.
I will
Do you believe the same for the players that did steroids and got caught?
Yeah, it's great when kids love sports.
Yeah, until he gets his body and mind right again, Bundy is the ace.
Thats the teams fault though
He will, don't throw him under the bus just yet.
yeah they are going to have to improve that record to win this division.
No, there are criteria.  Like weather, lighting, abilities of the player(s) involved, etc.  It's not as arbitrary as it might sound.
I did as a kid I played little league for 5-6 years
See ya
I agree. Fights are entertaining but so dangerous and juvenile.
Yeah he is 4-0 trying to stay undefeated.
I love it. That's why I hate Boston.
No, it was a sad game.
That's what I'm sayin.  Forget the Reds, I don't wanna get bummed out here. You wanna go get a beer?
Nah, unless you have an extra ticket!
bye.
Cool!  Let me check it out.
See you then!
He hasnt had any controversies so far
Exactly and it will be a unique item in your collection.
Yeah, well don't hold your breath it could be a while
I understand
Give me his email so I can learn about getting drafted!
I hope you're right! Let's go Bucs!
Cool
Sounds like I missed a great game!
It was well worth the wait though! 86 years of frustration gone!
yes,. By giving kids the aluminum bats, they can swing it, but still protect the pitchers and the infield because the speed at which the ball returns is limited by the bat.
Nice. Play ball!
Speaking of which how about them Cubs...!
Yeah, that would be a dream come true.
I hope I can get a job like that someday where I can be apart of a team for that long.
Oh you know he is
Ok, see you there.
Hopefully we'll see a grand slam.
Everyone loves him.
Yeah the Yankees are dangerous this year.
Exactly it makes so much sense.
Let's carpool
Absolutely. It's great you're getting into it again, but I just don't think I'll ever be even a casual fan of baseball.
Could I go with you?
I bet it was an embarrassment to the team as a life long fan.
Not bad at all. He has been pitching pretty well lately.
Woahh, I'll believe it when I see it man but I do love Kramer. He's a great shortstop.
I think he will be alright for the sport.
You too.
That always worked for us growing up.
Yeah.
Oh, I had heard he was supposed to be great.  Hmm, that's really disappointing.
They have to keep the focus of the team on their minds.
Chris Sale is actually very reminiscent of Johnson. Huge/tall guy with no weight.
Absolutely.
I agree, but I think the Pirates win tomorrow.
Good point.
If you say so but i think you are making the right choice.
I'll be watching.
Yeah that is true it is best to keep up to date with all that.
I think I might just join you.
Oh, you definately would have loved it.
No, it will have you at the bottom of the standings.
Kind of.
Good talking to you.
That's true.
I'm running out of the house to get away from you and baseball!
One day that will be simple just read up on things and watch the games you will make heads of it in no time.
Yeah, that's a shame it got cut short.
I do! I love Comerica Park. It's pretty nice.
Long way to go to see sa game but, I know you are a Brewer fan.
So do I.
They could but I dont see it happening and time soon
I root for Texas so I'm hopeful as well.
I have to go with the Dodgers. Give me 3 starts from Kershaw in a 7 game series and I'll take my chances.
The MLB decided to go with Rawlings, and that's why we have Rawlings logo on the balls and that's why.
He rd he best saver in baseball right now in my opinion.
He is a first ballott hall of famer
I'd be happy to give them Sandoval, Allen Craig, a minor leaguer and some cash.  They can have Swihart too.  He's a bust.
It makes fans and teams hate the Blue Jays.
Well, I think the greatest of all time was Babe Ruth as he was a great pitcher who turned outfielder so he could play and hit every day.  He was another one that lived too fast and did his body harm from that.  I guess the argument would go on forever as long as the game will be played..
Yes!
Baseball is all about the numbers
Nice talking with you.
They should have given him a pair of those safety scissors with the round edges that can't cut anything.
OK, we can ride together if you want.
Okay, please let me know.
But you do want to see them get broken
Oh, it's on!!!
It's an ambivalent sport.
You too.
Exactly.  And you know, he can keep doing it as long as the situation warrants it.
I could see that.
I'd have to put my money on Mike Trout from the LA Angels!
Okay.
Can they continue it for the season? I dont think so.
I think their run is over and they need to start over
Wouldn't thou bee after 87 pitched?
They won the first but lost the second.  It was pretty close at the end though, it looked like they were gonna come back.
Yeah, well at least they won a championship. No one can take that away!
They abysmal.
Me too.
I wouldn't bet on it.
I will. Go Cards!!
I know. We may want to rethink going to see them play so many times when we go to California. It will probably be a real downer.
True that! They need to make a trade, I think
Well hopefully they can find somebody good.
No. Ty Cobb has 54 home steals. But it's not an official stat from the MLB. it's not that I don't know, but rather it's not kept a record of.
It will always be historic but its really small inside
Yeah me too. If it was I'd be pretty ticked off right now.
It's good to Melancon earning his money, too!
You too.
What happened?
Did you catch the second inning?
What do you think about Trumbo's hit?
Did Matt Harvey start last night?  I heard they won but didn't see who got the W.
More money than we will ever see, dream, or do anything with .
It's the rules.
He is still a headache to front offices.
Who did they play?
That was a tough game to play in with all of the rain
It would be so awesome.
Yeah, I know! He a had a new career-high four RBIs! DO you know what the final score was?
I was rooting for the Cubs.
Me too.
i just started to and its pretty interesting.
There was a ton of it
Baseball is too slow for me.
How are you?
How's Cueto doing?  Is he their number one now?
I would like to see batters take pitches quicker.
What's going on?
I know.  Its sad that they have everything they need to win except the starters.
good, they could use the break
Did you see the World Series last year?
What do you think about his bat flip?
What? You mean to tell me I missed baseball's opening day?
i know right. he sucks
Nice. Who did they play?
Awww you won't?
They lost, four to ten.
I disagree
Yup, I was there with my family, the Yankees dedicated a plaque for him too.
oh really? do you watch it often
The Pirates won 10-4. It was a great game.
Well, this year they seem to be doing better.
Right now they have been road warriors. They have one of the best road records in baseball.
The Yankees have owned him this season.
Think they'll make the postseason?
Me either, what was the score again?
The trade deadline has been quiet lately.
I know. It's the worst in the AL.
I know they're favored but they always seem to choke in these tournaments
They're absurdly good at fighting.
Saturdays at ten A.M.
Are you serious? You knnow i missed it, that's why I am asking.
MLB.tv already has a free game of the day but it has blackout restrictions.
Scoring was better back then
How are you?
yeah everything seems to have fell apart for this team
Did you see how they won the world series.
What was the final score? I didn't see the end of the game.
I want to test your knowledge of baseball.
It's nice to see Puig producing.
Cincinnati was playing in San Francisco, and this kid asked Votto if he could have his batting gloves.
That's a piece of baseball knowledge.
And their pitchers are refusing treatment?
Yeah, but those three titles in a row were great.
How's it going?
D0 you think steroids have hurt bseball
The Astros have the best record in baseball.
Really?  Why an hour early.
Yep..they won last night.
I didn't get to watch it because it was a day game but did see they won.
Whew i am glad then means i had not missed the game so far
Can you believe that the Twins are leading the AL Central?
Well, there were a ton of home runs, all mammoth.
Really?  What about the Yankees?
The Twins are playing blah blah blah.
They are 6-12 on the road right now. That's not going to get it done.
How did you become a Reds fan?
How so?
Why do you think that?
What's happening?
Yeah, I totally forgot about it.  How did they do?
Oh okay, well it was a great game because the Cubs won!
Do you remember that baseball bit?
Yeah, the Wednesday game.
I know what you mean, I don't know what's wrong with the Yankees.
No! Baseball. You know, Saturday afternoons, hot dogs, programs, all that crap.
How are you?
Yes, they were supposed to be terrible this year.
My brother said no. He also said LSU would beat the Astros one game out of 50. I think the gap is too large between college/professional baseball. Thoughts?
You missed it.
How are you?
How many games have you been to?
Come on man. I'm serious.
What is your favorite team?
How can you like the Yankees?  They are only good because they have so much money, they can buy a championship.
I agree its always compettive
Baseball.
By the end of the day, the one at the bottom of the pile have been simmering all day
It was dumb for Braves to retaliate against Bautista
I know.  11 Ks and only 1 walk
And...?
Maybe, the Giants will get going now--it's been a rough start to the season.
How are you?
Yeah, it was the pitcher on Wednesday who was supposed to be a problem for the Yankees.
They're playing really well right now
Ugh.
The Reds are struggling a little bit they could use a win tonight.
The team did go away for years.
Wow, what happened?
I have tickets to the Cubs on Saturday, want to go?
They have such a young team this year, thought this was a year to just gain some experience.
I don't think I would spend 5 dollars to go watch them play
Yeah.  Like what happened between the Braves and Blue Jayes
I wish I were.
Sell. High BABIP suggests it's good luck.
Who would you pick to create an enforcer baseball team, a team of 9 players (pitcher included) that you would never want to bean with a pitch and have a bench clearing brawl against.
I'll give you a clue.
What's going on.
I know but its a long season and wait til it warms up
Ok Fine then. What can be considered somewhat like a world series where multiple leagues played for one title?
6-3 Brewers.
They haven't been doing that good.
Did you ever.
How about those Milwaukee Brewers.
It's always good to go out and see a game, what's your favorite team?
Yeah it was a great ball game last night!
Why's that?
Aren't you glad you we?
What about Scherzer?
But they didn't. If they win tomorrow they'll be back in it.
I mean Trout got his deal right away.
Did you see the rest of the game?
Most of the big stars are using steroids.
Did you record it?
Hold your popcorn...  You know my dad used to take me to the game all the time when I was your age?
I was reading this sports magazine and it had Yankees as the best.
With that a 4-2 win over the San Diego Padres, the Brewers are in first place.
I think he had 11 strike outs.
Really?  It's the last one on the season!
me too!
I agree. Every year I think that this is the season where they put it all together and I'm always wrong!
How are you?
But Kris Bryant is having a stellar year.
Yeah. I try to. I can't say for sure how the Rangers will do.
By...
the yankees! nothing like in the 90s though
Not this time! He became the hero of the game!
Can baseball contracts restrict what you do off the field
Really?  We were just behind third base!
The MLB agrees to let facebook a game every Friday with no blackouts.
Yup, 11-7
Really, that surprises me. What are your reasons?
Yeah, this is his fourth year.
Yes!  It usually is.  In fact he is playing them tonight; we should watch the game.
Are you surprised about the Cubs being so bad?
No doubting his long term potential but after 115 PA, he's only slugging .330 and he's striking out over 30% of the time.
But think about it. They are only a game and a half behind the yankees.
Is Brandon Crawford off the DL?
What team is your favorite baseball team?
How are you.
A Marlins pitcher threw behind Brett Eibner, got him in the back.
They beat the Tigers last night 5-3. 10 wins in a row!
I mean.
I feeling like going to a bar to watch a game.
7-5 Cubs baby! What it is that you like about Cincinatti again?
I know!  They have been doing so well lately.  It kind of derailed them.
What's up?
What's wrong with your old one?
I thought it was a little dull
yeah i know i think he should be in
I won some tickets and i have been dying to go to a game this season.
I mean they do have the best hitter in baseball, Freddie Freeman!
Why do you say that?
Same, did you play after tee ball too?
They didn't play very well, did they? That was a pretty solid loss to the Phillie's huh?
What's going on.
Yes, that one.
My father's work had partial season tickets for the Red Sox and I went to about 100 games. I went to game 1 of the 1988 playoffs vs. Oakland.
But it's a stupid regulation.
No way! Me too!
Nah man, you know I'm a White Sox fan...
Those young guys finally playing well.
10-1
How good will they be?
Your going to tonight.
Did you play fast pitch or some other type?
Yeah.
They are lucky that the other teams in the division were also struggling
Thats a while to make a fanbase wait
No.
It's okay. I used to hate it but it's grown on me in recent years.
Are you going for the home team?
I think their last game was good they won.
Yeah he turned in a quality start just when they needed it.
Yeah it was great game man. This is LSU's 19th division crown.
Yes, I did.
What's up?
It was exhausting!
What's up?
The home game between the Bears and the Wings!
But there are unwritten rules.
Chris Sale has tied the MLB record for consecutive appearances with 10+ Strikeouts.
Lots of stealing.
They got a good pitching performance from Hellickson last night.
Why do you say that?
Their is a really good baseball game that i watched that has my home team in it recently.
Did you see the game last night against the Nationals?
Why do you have doubts regarding those trades?
Hall of famer Tom Lasorda!
Oh, I forgot that the weather was a mess.
What was the final score again?
I hit a home run. It was so awesome.
How is it going?
No, it's 1890
How can you not like baseball?
Where should i start i am confused.
I was thinking it'd have to be him or Willie Mays.
Did you see the last game?
I know they are playing in Chicago and it was wet and cold yesterday.
I love watching Landon play too.
A guy who plays baseball and football
Nice, they are off to a good start this year.
I don't mind Scherzer, but it's much tougher to pitch in that park.
For the ball, they didn't have manufactured baseballs back in the days. So what did they use?
It was a great game.
This guy is a stud. You would think the Angels would be the cream of the crop.
I agree.  What moves did you like?
There were 5 near fights during the entire series.
Sure, the hall of fame is full of players with high statistics that were consistent.  I would go with Ted Williams as the greatest hitter, although he was an average player in the field.  Then there are the players in the dead ball era.
The Dodgers are very good, but the Marlines are pretty bad
Now they are devaluing closers.
What's going on?
No, seriously, he went nuts with a pari of scissors. It got him suspended.
I did once.
Last night when he had four hits.
We have seen an uptick in No Hitters lately.
Hey, calm down there chief.
Possible changes to the ruleset.
How are you?
Yes.  The Jose Bautista bat flip.
You think the games are boring?
You live in Charlotte, so how are the Charlotte Knights been doing this season?
How are you?
Dallas Kuechel is really doing a good job.
At some point the bullpen is going to cost them right?
Did you get the give away?
When are they having the make-up game?
They went from being on top of the world, to being in the outhouse in less than 2 years.
They're great at hitting and nothing else.
How was it?
Are you kidding me? With the bats they have?
Yeah, everybody and their brother already placed them in the World Series again this year.
No, I'm afraid to, I heard that Chris Young is pitching, he's been so horrible this year, we should have traded him last year.
Yeah, man. Can't believe they blew it again.
The bullpen blew another save.
Who had the most homeruns over his career?
That was so old!
First of all, no one goes to the games down there.
After they got Melancon, it seemed like their troubles were over.
Do you like baseball?
Well, they lost the World Series and I gave up on them.
Oh yeah, that was an awesome play.
I still cant belive Machado got out that early in the inning- he's better than that!
Yeah, he went 5 innings.  He got lit up.  They went to the bullpen early.
Oh I can dream.
They were considering changes, yeah?
Yeah but his talent.
They played Baltimore.
I think Major League Baseball should have probably stopped the game a little sooner
Marcus wants to win so badly and ever since he joined this team they haven't done so well.
Right! Pittsburgh beat the Washington 10-4!
I'm originally from Cleveland, so I have always like the Indians.
Do you remember you're first game?
whats interesting about it?
What was it based around?
Hmm... I guess there's not as much turnover as there is in basketball or football.
Not bad, you?
Pretty much.  Cueto is Cueto.  Did you read about the dustup on the field at the Giants-Dodgers game a few days ago?
That is the easiest route to take.
Nothing much, you?
It has really hurt them that Bailey and Desclafani have been injured all year.
yeah, hitting's been a little off, even as the pitching's getting better
Just the final game
I think it was dumb of him to do when they were losing, but the Braves should not been butthurt about it.
Yep. Missed it by over a month.
yeah hes gonna get striked out
The Dodgers.
Nah I can't my boss will not let me off early
Who did they play again?
But how? He cant control everything
I'm so jealous! I used to love watching Derek play.
i watch it once or twice a week
Did Bryce Harper have any hits?
Yes, absolutely. The Yankees have some younger players on the roster.
Yeah they have won 11 and lost 5 on the road so far.
True, but did you see the homerun by Aaron Judge in the 14th inning to win it?
Pretty confident.
It was five to nine. I was really happy about it.
I think more teams are filling voids in from the inside
I can't believe they really thought Sandoval would be the answer.
What about Kentucky?
They love to fight.
I will definitely be there and if you want we can meet on other days to practice. My pitching is a big rusty.
Alex Wood extending his scoreless streak, balls leaving the yard and players clearing the benches.
I wonder if the Facebook game will be different from the MLB one.
And the pitching was terrible.
Well and you?
These guys have lost 7 in a row.
Yes, I was very happy that they won.
Rangers beat the TIgers 5-3
Fine. Go ahead.
I had a feeling he would. He's finally getting serious.
Ok, that sounds like the type of thing players get asked a lot.
So why 88?
It goes against what teams should do.
Yeah they were. I loved the 2014 World Series against the Royals.
Not bad, yourself?
Hard to say
Yeah they are winning about 70% of their games right now.
The coach wants to talk to the parents.
How many is that.
Yeah, at least they didn't get swept by the Nationals.
Really because so far it is an amazing game
I saw that the other day.  How is that possible?
You think home runs are the best play in baseball?
The Astros beat them 3 out of 4 last weekend.  They were dominant.
Why do you phrase it like that? I kind of want to know.
Yeah winning only 33 percent of your road games is receipe for disaster.
I spend part of my youth in the Cincinnati area
There are a bunch of mitigating factors.
It is one thing to get overly expressive when you are in a back and forth championship series and the tensions are high and you hit a dinger that sails; quite another when you are up 5 in the early part of the season.
Not much, you?
We won.  By two points in the last inning.
Oh nice! What was the final score?
Kinda. Who started it.
I did. They lost.
And the Mets can't seem to keep it together to the end of the season
I find it boring. Why do the pitchers always spit?
Doing good.  How are you?
All their players are young and unknown.
Your brother is correct. It would only be one game out of 50, but it would happen.
Missed what?
Well, and you?
I try to go to a couple games each season.  I love to watch the Pirates play.
Really/ I thought you were joking.
I would have to say the St. Louis Cardinals.
The Yankees are a historic institution.  They don't do anything that every other team would do if they had the money.
Baseball is such a one on one sport
Definitley not!
Yep. That's what make them so good
Yeah, all that happened was that he got a free base and that started a big inning
monster.  If he could be a reasonable starter, we could be good
And he bet on the game. He should be banned--it's the rules.
What are they something like 12 and 24?
Well, you?
And they really beat up on him.
The Colorado Rockies?
Seattle?
Yeah but the Rockies are rolling and are looking really good right now.
What happened?
The pitcher threw a no-hitter.
I'd love to.  What time is the game on Saturday?
They are hitting the ball like the bronx bombers of old.
They are an awful team with a notoriously bad lineup
Oh yeah.  What was the deal with that?  Bautista seemed like he was looking for something.
I have some extra tickets.
Should White Sox trade Robertson? What could they get?
Stanton, machado with a bat.
What is that clue?
Not much.
Joe Maddon usually gets his teams hot when they need to be
If that's what you meant, then, the original world series should be the post season competition between the American Association and the National League.
Darn it. I really thought the cubs were going to go on a run
That is surprising, considering they are coming off a World Series win.
What happened?
Yes, as of today, they are actually leading their division.
Probably the KC royals.
That Castillo home run was a thing of beauty
The death of Fernandez really messed up that franchise. Their pitching is terrible.
Yes, thanks for the tickets.
He's in the top 5, but Kershaw is in a league of his own.
They're still four games under 500.
Thats why I think hes done quicker than we think.
No, I turned off the television. What happened during the seventh inning?
Why would they use steroids?
yes.
Wow were you a Dodgers fan too?
We all no that not true.
That win was their ninth in 11 games.
That's incredible. He's been a real shining star for our team lately.
Yeah, but they really haven't been doing well anyway.
what do you think of them so far this year?
It's like watching Charlie Brown trying to kick the football when Lucy is holding it!
Well, you?
He certainly is, but Rizzo and Swarber are really is a funk.
The Rangers! I remember their team from the early '90s, even.
Aroldis Chapman. Cincinnati reds, during the game against San Diego Padres.
he's a rookie then? when did he start?
What happened?
I think only for bad behavior
Oh! Then you almost got hit by that foul ball!
Sweet, I'm looking forward to those knowledgeable intelligent Facebook team fans commenting on the game.
Nice, whats their record so far?
Well he bet on baseball while he was still playing. He knew it was wrong and did it anyway.
What position is he playing this year?
I wonder if there is anything brewing between those two teams this year.
I dont think they are bad, just going through the pains.
That it is really really hard to hit in this league. I think he'll be fine and adjust. The league has learned some of his hot spots, and he'll adjust and be perfectly fine.
True. The Orioles have been playing pretty well this year.
Yes, he's back.  He was gone for a while because of bereavement leave for his sister-in-law.  He injured himself right around the same time.  But he's back.
I have always been a huge fan of the St. Louis Cardinals.
Doing good, you?
Was it on purpose?
They are smoking hot! DId you see how far Gallo's home run traveled?
They're not great by any means.
Let's go.
Well it's not their starting pitchers, that's for sure
Yeah, they will bounce back tonight against the Giants though
Not much.  You?
I broke it at practice yesterday.
Why would you think that?
he did bet on baseball
Yeah i am definitely jealous of you.
Yeah but Freeman just got hurt. He broke his wrist!
Their pitching is terrible.
Yeah, I played in high school and then in college!
Yeah, you're right. They really seem to be having a hard time gaining any momentum this year.
Not much, you?
I sure did, wasn't it a great night?
Even though they were blown out in that game, it is was alot of fun to be at the park that night. Quite an event for sure!
It's a tradition. Besides, wooden bats make so much better sound when it hits the ball. not like aluminum bat which that high pitched metallic sound
Sweet, did you go on in college.
Oh...its easy to forget such a terrible team..
I agree, Correa, Springer, Altuve.
I know it was insane.
They have one of the best farm systems in baseball
What?
I played T-ball. Did you play T-ball as well?
America's been doing surprisingly well.
Yeah. As of today, they are only 2 games out of first place
Theyve been patient before
I do. I think it pumps then up.
Oh? Do you prefer watching pro or college baseball more?
Which of the two is my home team?
How much had they won by in the last game?
I mean to silence those Angels hitters is pretty impressive.
Isn't LSU 20-9 in SEC play?
What do you think?
Not much, you?
What?  Did you have to play with them?
Not much, you?
No, I didn't even know they were playing.  When did the season start?
I understand those but some of them are antiquated.
Oh yeah. I saw that on the Sports report yesterday.
Did you see the game with Boston?
Yeah he really got into a groove after that 1st inning.
It just seems like all these players are getting money and a lot of money to play baseball.
What is your hometown? because i seem to have forgot
I saw that. That was great!
The trades just seem one way and they are getting some shitty pitchers.
No what happened?
Yeah, but they ended up being able to play.
The Rockies crushed them 12-6.
Oh, wow, that's so great!
Good, you?
Wow, that was a long time ago.
Well, every time I'm forced to go to a game, everything feels the same every play, unless someone hits a homerun or something.
To start just read up the rules online but here is a quick rundown.
You're right, that's a coin flip.
The one against the Cardinals? No I missed it.
I am assuming it was called due to rain today.
So do I. He's a great catcher.
Oh, no not at all.
That they are but we'll see if they keep it up.
I agree with that but he's still putting up monster numbers.
Depends no how far we go back. There have been many bat and ball games throughout the history.
Yeah the O's  had that walk off homer at the bottom of the 10th
Yeah, but they always seem to underachieve to me.
I liked how we got Chris Sale to help the rotation.
Wow. Between those teams?
There were quite a few players at and above Williams' level. How about Ty Cobb and Babe Ruth?
They've lost over 15 games !
And thats the way it should have went
Not much, how are you?
How do you get suspended for a pair of scissors?
Was it awesome?
Yeah, but he strikes out a lot.
But those are just isolated starts. Guys dont come near them.
I can't help it.  I like my Yankees.
Proposed, right?
Doing good, you?
I did not see the entire game, but I watched the highlights.
Some parts.  If it could just be the highlights, that would be great, with ten minutes a game, all the best hits and catches and outs.
It's been a hard season, but they have won 9 times in May.
Doing okay.  How are you?
What about in the NL?
Probably, I mean, the Dodgers are better on paper
Yeah
They actually had it the next day, on Sunday.
Yeah that is a swift drop!
They're going to get creamed.
It's the first time I've been since I was a kid. It was okay.
They are only at .500! Can't be that great...
That's true. I got tired of all the bandwagon fans last year.
No, he's not pitching, Danny Duffy is, but yes I agree about Chris Young. I can't believe the one game we saw in person this year he was pitching. What a waste of money.
Seriously. Their bullpen is terrible.
Another one?  How many is that this year?
Easy. Barry Bonds. 762. He passed Hank Aaron's record in 2007.
Yeah but its what started the way parks are built now
Yeah and on top of that, this team has lost 9 out of it's last 10
Yeah, spring was full of promise...
Yep, big fan.
Well, they won a lot more after that.
I've never seen someone jump into the crowd and go up 3 rows to catch a foul ball.
And how it was so close until the 11th inning- Tigers sure knew how to hold em.
Did you see the shot David Wright took last night?  I bet they are still looking for that ball!
But more than what we know what to do with.
They were debating it.
He definitely has it but he pains people.
What's their record so far?
Yeah the conditions were getting a little crazy out there
I know. It's sad.
Okay thanks! I wasn't able to see the very very end.
They seem to have a good chance to win it this year.
No.
well the guys butts always look good.
The unwritten rules of baseball
Exactly! And I prefer games that score more highly.
Doing okay.  Are you interested in baseball?
The fight?
I would say once they get the ball back they have 10 seconds to throw it.
Doing okay.
That is so true!  The Cubs aren't nearly as good this year so the Reds could have contended with even a marginal starting staff.
bullpen's been great though
Who is your favorite team
The next game The Braves hit Joey in the thigh deliberately.
Oh man. Thats horrible. Do you know when the baseball all star game is?
i agree but the GM probably knows what hes doing
Nice. Did they win?
Are you gonna be able to catch the game at all?
They were playing the Pirates.
You want your ace on the mound and you want a win
Same here, but I don't think he's the greatest Yankee player to play the game.
do you like the red sox?
Yes, I believe he got 2 hits.
Some of the new players are excellent. The Yankees appear to be doing pretty well this year, in general.
Not bad. Not bad at all. This is what has allowed them to be in first place.
Ha, by then I was fast asleep.
Who else could knock them out?
They did well, they had a good last few games.
To avoid losing their farm?
He looked good in Spring Training.
They're traditionally terrible but their hitting is amazing this season
They love to kill.
That's an area I'm great in so I will help you with it.
That sounds exciting, give me more!
I'm sure it will be the same. Yahoo has a free game every day and it's always the same as the MLB's free game.
There were great pitchers still available.
Yep good.  You like baseball?
Yeah and 8 out of their last 10
I think It was about time right.
Too bad they lost!  Don't they play the Rangers again today?
In the National League in the 1890s many seasons had 12 teams. Which team was boycotted by the other 11 teams, who refused to play games in that team's home ballpark?
He has another year left on his contract too.
Yes, But Votto's answer wasn't what a lot of players would have said!
I really don't know why, but it's 88.
I mean are the inmates running things over there?
When is Maddy coming back?
Not too bad.  You like baseball?
Do you think the Cubs will win again
I didn't see this coming at all. I figured they would be pretty good, but they are dominating teams
Oh geez, let me guess... He's quitting.
They have won 9 of their last twelve games.
I read that Jung ho Kang lost his appeal on his dui sentence in Korea
How amazing would you say it is
Last year they were so bad.  Guess that left no where to go but up.
Of course! No one wants to watch a 1-0 strikeout fest.
Yea, they are pretty good.  What is their weakness?
Does it matter? The Twins could lose the Springfield Isotopes.
I mean think about it. They are awful on the road, but they are in 2nd place in the division.
Really, I didn't know that
Like what?
I agree, he should act like he has been there before.
Same.  Are you a fan of baseball?
In the last inning?  Was it tied until then?
The Cubs ended with 9 and the Reds had 5.
I'll give you a clue. It was in the 50's
They've lost seven games in a row now.
Both teams need stronger pitching
I think they're trying to intimidate the batter. You missed a great Twins game last night.
Not bad.
They are now 24-18.
The talent gap is so large. Idk official statistics, but I'd be willing to bet 6 out of 9 starters on a college team won't make it to AA ball. Every starter on an MLB team is one of the best players in the world. I think they'd run through the schedule. Hitting/Pitching is so much more advanced.
He just stole home.
Doing good.  You a baseball fan?
Is that your favorite team?
No, I am dead serious.
Me too! I have always supported them and they always do well.
I agree that they have a very rich history, but they seem so snobby.  Like they feel they have earned the right to win, like it is expected.
Yeah the pitcher is always trying to get the hitter out
Why?
Yellow mustard, please
If you're going to throw at someone, just scare them I guess. Why put them on base?
yeah, we need like one more good starter and then we can make a run
But he never bet on his team to lose.
I think so--they are so bad I don't even look at the standings anymore.
Good.
The baby bombers are becoming the Bronx bashers!
Yeah, I couldn't believe it either.
Ugh, no.
Yeah they are 10 games over .500 right now.
I just think the franchise just ended due to money.
Wow, that's so cool!
I was watching the Yankees and the Astros this week.  Everyone was wearing pink.  What's up with that?
I know this Aaron Judge is a monster of a man.
Their pitching sucks really bad as well. They are just a hard team to watch!
When he smashed that homer and ran the bases Jace Peterson and Kurt Suzuki both said something to him.
I would love to go, but I can't afford the tickets.
He'd be in demand, but I think the Sox would need to eat some money to get anything of real good value.
I don't know.
They just changed a street name to his name.
You into baseball.
He is probably one of the best managers in baseball.
Ok, now we're getting somewhere.
Yeah me too. The Brewers have really been playing well.
I know, I thought they would be doing better.
They cleared the benches in Los Angeles.
I am not sure they will continue doing so well.
Oh yeah? They were champions in what, 2015?
The great thing about that was he had just come off of the disable list
Yeah, but the hitters aren't hitting either.
No problem.
I agree. He's worth 10 wins per season by himself.
Maybe, but the rest of the NL isn't doing much better.
Can you see him signing elsewhere?
Lindor had a base hit and that allowed Kipnis to score.
Because they are drug addicts!
Do you want to know the outcome.
I was a fan of the ballpark how it smelled, fresh dodger dog..the smell of peanuts..just so exciting.
Have you been to other stadiums.
Yeah. They are doing good.
Sure has. Especially after that earlier afternoon games with the twins losing 5-1.
I know what you mean, but it's the last game!
well they have a winning record, but it is still very early in the year
Exactly! I can't keep falling for this team time and time again.
Doing good.  What do you think about baseball?
It is the sophomore jinx.
Yeah? Rafael Palmeiro?
I was watching this tv show about biomechanics, I think that was about Aroldis.
This year dumbass! obviously if he's a rookie he started this year.
This fan was yelling rude remarks at the Giants. I mean, really rude remarks, obscene remarks.
One could argue what he did was bad behavior.
Too close.  That home run in the fifth inning was a monster.
Yeah, this is pretty cool. I like the gradual movement to actually streaming games.
24 and 14
You really think thats a good enough reason?
They tried letting him pitch at the beginning of the season, but that didn't work out.
Yeah.  There always is.  I wouldn't be surprised if he gets hit between the letters first pitch!
Its hard to repeat.
I'm not doubting that he'll rebound this season as well. My question is does anyone notice anything mechanically or perhaps were expectations too high coming into this season?
I just hope they can keep it up. The yankees have really re-tooled their organization.
Are there any other Giants on the DL right now?
Do you have a favorite baseball player.
Same.
Some people think so. But noting happened that led up to it.
Yeah 445 feet. He crushed that ball!
They are.
Let me look up to see who's playing.
Joey Votto still drawing the big bucks?
I agree. They started off very rocky, but they are turning things around.
Same.
Was it when you hit that home run?
The game was very one-sided
but is that a thing other people arent doing
You should stop by  maybe get a ticket.
Are you serious! How long is he scheduled to be out?
Is it relief or starting?
Wow, what team did you play for?
Yeah, I think you're right. It looked like they would be able to start the season off fairly strong too.
Same here.
Absolutely, he was such a great player.
The home team was booed by the crowd as they were in the process of getting destroyed. It was pretty classic Boston sports fans behavior.
So amateurs are allowed to use aluminum?
I wasn't recruited at all, but I did play on a club team. It was more of an excuse to get together and drink.
Anyways... so it was Sox vs Sox *laughs*
It's a really bright future.
It makes me wonder what the padres will do to the coaching staff?
Do you think theyll ever go back to the old way of doing things?
Your and I are going to sing take me out to the ball game.
Yes, I played T-ball. Were you any good?
Really?
Exactly and they are playing the Brewers, so if they sweep them, they could be back in 1st place
The problem is they have no pitching.
Maybe, but the music is bad.
Like with most sports I generally prefer watching college.
Well, you do live a little closer to Houston
They narrowly won it was about 4 points it was pretty tense.
For sure. To shut them out is a great feat.
Yes they are, and if they beat Mississippi State later today I think LSU is tied to win the SEC overall championship.
Well as the industry struggles with declining participation by black Americans, I think it could go either way.
Same.  You into baseball?
Not really, but I was chasing balls and everything else!
Same.
This was the opening game.
If someone bunted to break up a no hitter you wouldnt have a problem?
Struck out 4 of his final 5 hitters to get it, I can't believe it!
What about it?
He retired 16 out of 17 batters at one point. He was feeling good out there.
True, but I don't thing baseball would be the same if not for the money.
My home town is Cleveland Ohio. not really that hard to remember.
I don't think anybody expected them to win.
I think i disagree the pitcher the braves got is going to be a legend one of these days?
They said he's been hospitalized.
Yuck.  I bet the field was nasty as heck.
Yeah Alexi Amarista had a phenomenal game last night.
Jason pitched and I really slammed the ball.
Can't complain.
Yup, do you know who many teams New York had in the 50's?
There's a lot more to baseball than hitting the most homeruns, and if you understood that, you'd be a lot more engaged while you watched.
Ok lay it on me.
I'd even give the edge to Mays because he was a little better with the glove.
I saw it, they won but I was nervous, it was so close.
I think they had an hour and a half delay yesterday because of weather.
Remember when he tried out and he caught that seemingly impossible ball?
What makes you say that?
I'm a braves fan so I don't have much hope.
Who do you think can come out of the National League?
In the US. For the game of baseball. What ball did they use, and how did they make it?
Yeah I totally thought they'd give that game up.
They are already 8 games behind the Astros for the Division.
Me too.  He is a stud.
I know. They're not even rivals.
They were both quite fantastic in their times and there was much excitement and controversy around their careers and styles. I also liked Hank Aaron
18 to be exact. !
How so?
doing okay.  You a baseball fan?
He was pissed off because he thought the White Sox were way too focused on selling jerseys and other merchandise.
People were screaming all over the place. It was pretty amazing.
But he wins as many games as Babe Ruth.
Yeah I think its tough to throw them nowadays
Were you sad when Jeter retired?
Not officially.
Doing okay.
What do you think about this whole bat flipping thing?
That's not the way it works.
If the Cincinnati Reds are the first team of baseball, do they play the first game of the season?
Not bad.  You into baseball?
I would say the Nationals
At the very least CO will hit all year
Did you like it?
But didn't they already have a game scheduled on Sunday?
Their pitching has really failed them this year and they are struggling to score runs
They're already getting creamed.
Did the Reds win?
They did have a few injuries.
I've never seen so much Cubs gear in my life as the season went on.
My Mom was asking me why I thought hewas doing so poorly this year, I said I thought it was that he's lost about 3-5 mph off of all his pitches.
I really thought they would be better this year too.
Too many.
yes, but who has the most homeruns in a single season and how many?
I love Citizens Bank Park
Talk about unwatchable. This team couldn't compete against some minor leaguers.
Until they hit the windshield like a bloated horsefly at 80 MPH.
Cool, same here.
Yes, but I started to like the Phillies instead.
I have.
Hey, speaking of the Tigers, they have a new owner.. guy named Ilitch. Not sure how thats going to go based on reports.
That was a heck of a blast.  I think car windows in the parking lot got shattered.
Maybe.
Hot takes about changes.
I think they look the other way.
The Tigers?
But to the Brewers' credit, they were resilient and found a way to get the win.
Oh, my gosh, a home run!
Gotcha. Frazier hit a two-run double in the sixth inning and a two-run single in the seventh!
The AL Central isn't too strong, so they should be able to make it to the playoffs.
I remember mine.
i guess i might give it a watch then.
Someone hit someone?
Ha, I have definitely seen low-scoring baseball games.
Yeah I like baseball.  How about yourself?
Yea, the fight.  Cueto thought Grandahl was stealing signs, and they started mouthing off to each other.  Finally, Cueto pitched at Grandahl and narrowly missed his chin.  That cleared the benches.
Yeah I would be OK with that.
You like baseball?
I know.  Its going to be another long year.
oh yeah, maybe best in the league, definitely is the best in the division
The Rockies
Well, I hope it angered Jose and motivated him to hit another dinger.
Yes. Its in July. Will you be attending the baseball all star game?
Yeah, mike martinez is a good GM
Yup, they did.
Yeah I will try to watch it in the office
Oh, I follow them a bit. But I follow the Mariner more, did you catch any of that game.
But if he gives up 1 run over 8 and the offense doesnt score?
C'mon are you serious?!
oh absolutely
Wow. He is supposed to get a really big contract next year.
I'd be willing to bet that they'll probably make it to the post-season.
Yeah, but they shouldn't be jumping for joy because they are only .500 at home.
I was exhausted but it was totally worth staying up for, he hit it in the black seats at the stadium.
The NL East isn't looking great this year, I think they'll win the division pretty easily.
They have, only three loses.
The competition level hasnt been to the point where you need to make a splash
True. He actually lost weight.
I know, they're the only SEC team that has never been to Omaha
Same.
Thanks. I want to be able to pitch really well.
Dodgers reliever Ross Stripling and bench coach Bob Geren, along with Marlins manager Don Mattingly were all ejected after benches and bullpens emptied in the top of the ninth.
Sounds like the MLB is desperate.
But people want to see scoring.
Yeah I like it.
It doesn't get any easier because they have to face an Angels team with Mike Trout
I think so I mean It's been long over due.
Yes, at 7:15 tonight.
The Cleveland Spiders. They were a pretty good team, too.
He needs to realize that he can make some serious money if he gets his act together.
Why, what did he say?
I noticed that it's always red stitching.
The team needs to evaluate its training staff.
Probably after the all star break sometime.
Yeah I like baseball okay.
They do still have talent
Yeah right now they are 7 1/2 games in front of the Rangers
I don't know.
How are they doing it?
Really?
Gonzalez is breaking through every batter it is the game of the season.
Still, it's surprising.  Wonder how long they can hang on.
Well, some old people do. But they're old, so what do they know?
They are more than pretty good, they are very good.  I think they probably need one more quality staring pitcher.
Well, ok, let's go. We're here already. Man, that was fast.
So just imagine if they could at least play .500 ball on the road they could give themselves a real shot.
Yeah, my dad would take me to the games when i was a kid
How good is the hitter? Is he a power hitter? Contact hitter?
Did you see what the pitcher said?
Yeah sure am.  You?
Yeah, neither team had scored since the fifth.  We had been tied 4-4 for half the game.
How are the Cubs doing this season? Do you know?
Abbott and Costello.
That's pretty bad. Do you think the season is already over for them?
Well Tanaka is ok.
There are no great Twins games so I doubt it. Did Baby Jesus finally get a hit?
That's good.
Wow!
The talent differential would be night and day. But even if you give the pros a 98% chance of winning each game, they only have a 36% of winning 50 straight. If you bump it to 99%, it is a 60% chance.
What?
Yeah I like baseball all right.
Yes.  What's yours?
Awesome! If a woman ever makes it to MLB, this is how it'll happen.
They sure do, they win the world series often.
Say what you will but have you ever been to Yankee Stadium?  It's like magic.
And the hitter wants to hit a homer off the best
I never really cared for the sport.
Same here. I need some onions.
Yeah what good does it do to put baserunners on for no reason? I never understood that
I'm not sure about the offense though
So?
I know I don't even know who is ahead in the division.  It's usually the Dodgers, but I don't think so this year.
That's good.
One of those radio guys is calling them the Bash Brothers.
When was the last time they played well?
The border states.
And they are playing better on the road than they are at home. Which is impressive.
It's been, what 5 years since the team started up again?
How did he manage to do that?
It's for breast cancer awareness.  They are showing their support.
Yeah, he's like 6'7" and a tank out there.
I would rather watch curling on TV then to be subjected to their play.
And then on Thursday Teheran was trying to nail Bautista on the plate.
I will sell them to you half price.
Freddie Freeman's injury bad or not big deal?
How about Mo Vaughn?
Vin scully!
Yeah I like baseball.
If not the best.
yes. And this game was initially called the "The Championship of the United States," or the "World's Championship series."
Yep. You have to give them a lot of credit for how they have been playing.
What is their record?
What? Why?
They seem to have the hitting but, pictching is not fantastic.
Yeah. They did really well that year. The year of the MOOSE!
Talk about being ready to play!
I guess. Stanton is batting what, .250?
So now we are in first place?
The only fault against him is injuries.
It's only a matter of time before the Cubs start winning.
New York is probably going to run to him
What was the score?
No way, baseball is about good ole fashion fun!
I would prefer not to.
I'm having a great time dad.
I've been to a few.
Losing two of the last eleven games isn't too bad at all.
That game was brutal to watch.
I'll think about it, but we're on the bad side of a losing streak and I really could care less.
yes, they are 21-17
It's like they have so many problems. Sometimes they hit well, but their pitching is atrocious. They pitch well, but can't hit!
Yeah I like it, you?
How about Theo Epstein, though(The Cubs General Manager)
Sure. I don't recall them all.
Was it about strides, shoulder turn, delivery etc?
I'm sorry, I don't know too much about baseball, I'm only really thinking about networking
I hate it what some jerk makes you embarrassed that you brought your kid to the game!
Yes they could do that for sure.
They need to make that right field fence higher.
No blackouts is nice too.
Wow, they are doing much better than expected,  Who started the game?
I can tell by your tone that you don't agree.
Oh, yeah?  Didn't go over well?
Well, you have to remember they will be more focused on winning then anything.
It is, but I can see them heating up when you need them to.
I mean, I think he's a .275/.360/.475 hitter this year, and more power in future years.
Yeah, but I would love to see David slay Goliath
The Giants have been having a lot of back luck with this.  Madison Bumgarner of course.  But he should be back in June.
Yes I grew up loving Bob Gibson a pitcher for the St. Louis Cardinals.
Do you like baseball?
And the Dodgers retaliated.
I didn't think that ball was ever coming down.
I don't think that's the case.
It's the Cardinals and Mets.
Yeah, but is he turning out the numbers?
That they are.  Aren't they leading the Central right now
Do you watch baseball?
Yeah, it cracked down the side.
Yes, only one team scored points
i think it would be sniffed out right away
Nah i cannot afford that how is the game going currently
They are saying 8 to 12 weeks.
A little bit of both.
I played for BYU, in Utah.
For sure. But then they lost like 6 or 7 games in a row. You just can't do that in their division.
Cool.
Agreed, how about the crowd?
Red Sox fans in specific, and Boston sports fans in general, a tough to please. You need to produce or they turn on you.
Yes. Amateurs at collegiate and below can use either wooden or aluminum bats. Except in high school there is one more rule
Yeah, I played for a while in college, but stopped after freshman year. It was too much!
I dont know why you always laugh at that.
The manager finally seems to have control of the team too.
Not just the coaching staff but the players.
Like signing overpriced free agents?
Where? The bar?
Definitely not. I hit the ball once or twice.
Boston's been killing it hard.
Yeah, that would be great!
I havent seen much from their hitting either
I agree with that.
Men or women?
It takes the same length of time to go to Arlinton or Houston
I bet it sounds tense. Have they got any new players recently?
Now they just have to try and build from this victory
What's a stake for LSU?
Some are saying having a Black African playing professional baseball is the pinnacle of achievement in baseball for the people of that race.
Yeah I like baseball.
Shouldn't the kids have chased the balls?
You into baseball?
Oh wow, I hadn't even heard about it.
No because the name of the game is to get on base.
He was in the 6th inning with the pitch count heading toward 100 and just 6 strikeouts.I thought for sure the streak would end but the absolute madman did it.
They killed all game.
Yeah he had started the year out so strong. He had posted a 1.80 ERA in April
I think it would be better.
So their is a game with the Cleveland Indians?
I'm always optimistic, but I didn't really have a LOT of hope.
Who is the pitcher you are talking about?
For What?
Yep.  Those boys didn't care though.  They got as filthy as could be.
Yeah he hit a 3 run homer last night.
And it was your first game.
Do you enjoy baseball?
I think they had 6 teams.
Well, enlighten me.
Points are scored by homerunning the ball and running around the bases.
Both were great. Mays had the legs though.
Was it? I might be glad I missed it then.
You never know what the weather is going to be like in Chicago this time of the year.
I knew he'd make the team after that.
I think that there is too much money involved now.
You must be really disappointed that Freeman got hurt.
I like the Nats or Dodgers to come out this year.
The earliest mentioning of the game was back in 1791 when they passs an ordinance banning the game within 80 yards from the town house.
Well, they have been on a bit of a losing streak lately.
Yeah, but the Astros are playing out of their mind right now. The season is still young.
I also like how we got Thornburg for the bullpen.
They play each other once every 3 years.
Sure, he had the numbers and was very consistent for about 22 seasons.  The only controversy was when he approached the home run record.  Sadly, there was a lot of hating going on.
Out of how many games?
They put too much emphasis on getting 3 outs in the 9th.
Yeah I'm a big fan.  You?
Was he mad they weren't focusing on him?
I can imagine. When was it?
What are you? His agent.
Plus guys are singles hitters now
Of course.  He was the best
So, it's like a casual discussion thing.
Do you watch a lot of baseball?
I guess it kind of depends on the circumstances.
No, but it should.  I mean, I've watched some of a no-hitter and sure, there's some tense moments, but mostly it's just a guy throwing to another guy.
They don't and I think it was the Cardinals were the first to play this year!
Yeah you?
Whys that?
It's hard for surprise teams to last, but maybe they can. They have youth
Not really, why?
Yep, they ended up having a double header.
Yeah, the good thing is that they play in a weak division
Yeah, but harder.
No, they lost, but it was still a fun time.
Doesn't explain everything. Besides their piching stinks.
I preferred it when they were the loveable losers like in the past.
Well, that, plus, I think his arm slot is different, it seems like his pitches don't have much rotation.
Me too man, Joely gave up 6 runs in one inning!
That's for sure.
Easy again. Barry Bonds. 73. the year of our good lord, 2001.
I think its good and has a great skyline view but theres something its missing.
Yeah this is not how baseball was supposed to be played.
Then the Bumgarner thing!
Nice.
Yes, they are a fun team.
When ?
But the team stayed in the family, so thats a good thing- you know when new owners come on, its always difficult for the players.. and it affects the game.
Brett Gardener stole 2 bases again last night.  That boy can run!
See, how much do these players make tops?
The hottest takes.
I dont know eventually they wont do it.
No, the Orioles.
That's what good ball clubs do
Look at Marcus run!
Yeah man, I seen that too and he is MVP right now in my book!
They definitely have a good bullpen.
Who was it with?
you wont be disappointed, i promise.
Cody Bellinger hit a homer
But you are a fan though, right? What teams do you support?
Yep, I'm a baseball nut.
Did anyone get thrown out?
And get rid of all the relief pitching changes.
Yeah I do. You?
At least we have Votto and Cozart to watch.
you think they're still good?
Oh, they've really struggled
I agree with you, bro. Braves will continue to be wussies.
I wish. I can barely afford a ticked to a regular season baseball game.
yep top of the league in what he does
Do you mind telling me the score?
Your boss won't mind that?
They won right?
How often does that happen?
Yeah dude lol Derek Jeter only had 260 home runs his entire career...
i think they were better a long time ago
I know. I wonder if the Nationals will keep them.
They've been leading the AL East.
Indeed. They are also only one game ahead of the Tigers and Indians.
Seriously?  Isn't he just the second one to do that?
Yeah, I saw the Mets aren't doing nearly as well as last year.
And  four wins! How do you think their season will go?
So we could see a team just promote from within
He did. Maybe he'll be OK when he's back off IR.
Wow, I didn't know that
They murder like nothing.
You already bat well and you are a good catcher also.
How was Cody Bellinger?
Why do you say that?
They do but they can solve that.
Do you have a favorite team?
Well they have DeGrom on the mound tonight, maybe they can get a win.
I was at home when I flipped the TV and saw they were playing.
I'll have to watch that game.  I think next week they play the Astros.
How did you know that?
Well, if he does then all the better for the Dodgers right now.
He told the kid that he was sitting in the front row and that he was 'elite'.
Yeah, so that the player can see the ball better.
They are losing young guns too
Are you a Giants fan too?
Do you have a team near you?
Are you a Cubs fan
Yeah they have won 4 straight games.
I'll bet he's quitting.  That would make the third coach in two years.
They are getting timely hitting.
Yeah, doesn't look like he will be rejoining the team anytime soon.
Wow he sounds like he is on fire in the game.
Who knows?  Nobody in that division is killing it, so they may be ok throughout the summer.
That was unnecessary. Anyway, they also got attendance to skyrocket.
Do you think they will get one?
God bless the light rail that only travels in one direction. It was pretty fast though. But it did take us 40 minutes to get to the parking lot at the Mall.
You would think so. You have to think that the Astros won't continue to play this well right?
Was it a cool stadium back then
Ok lets start with the power hitter.
No what did he say?
Yep, like baseball.
Wow, so what happened?
Doing alright! It is a close season so far though because they are 21-19.
Yes. That was one of the best baseball bits ever.
Nah, I think they have time to bounce back.
And the Yankees can't seem to get a good third base defense.
Mauer stuck out. But the pitcher, whatshisname, only threw a 14 hitter game.
Are you a baseball fan?
They have been hitting a lot of home runs, but their pitching still isn't great.
All things being equal, the worst MLB team wouldn't lose more than 2 games. Given that the NCAA team uses wooden bats or the MLB team uses aluminum bats.
Keno just stole home.
Do you have a team you like?
I love the Red Sox.
I hope to see it someday.
Who is your favorite player on the Cardinals team?
I've been a couple of times. Nothing like seeing the Yankees play the Red Sox!
You dont have that lazy play you see in other sports.
But it's America's favorite pasttime.
Here.
Both those teams are terrible anyway.
still got Mauer
So that means he wasn't intentionally throwing games as a manager. He was trying to win.
Maybe Arizona, I'm not sure either.
We're supposed to talk baseball?
Too bad they couldn't score last night.
It's been awhile, I can't remember for sure
I heard good stuff about New York.
The reds are still only 4 games back after getting swept, so they are still engaged.
That sounds about right.
He was throwing over 100 miles an hour on some pitches.
Did you watch the Braves game last night?
He has such a quick bat and can hit to any field.
Right now this team and organization are an embarrassment.
What was that first pitch, 94 mph?
Oh, I wouldn't  feel right about allowing you to do that.
Out for 10 weeks so that's not good. If he makes it through rehab without complications he should return to form.
He's like a teddy bear.
How did you meet him?
What do you like most about baseball?
What about the Rangers?
Now that sounds like the world series.
For sure. This was a big win for the Brewers. Even though it's early in the season.
They are at 21 and 19 right now.
Ross Stripling hit Stanton with a throw.
I think they have won 5 games in a row now.
Haha, yeah. All the chanting.
Not only did he hit the game winning home run, he had hit another one earlier
I hate to say it, but he's extremely overrated. That contract...
We are tied with the giants.
I know, but long term I think his arm and delivery are made to hold up late into his career.
We're getting Lugo and Matz back soon.
I thought the Yankees were done with that stuff.
The Indians led the Sox 4-0?
Well, as it turns out, they have to use performance enhancing drugs.
i was hoping to talk about it today but okay.
And just when I was your age was when the miracle happened...I caught my very first fly ball.
Which ones.
Of course every loss hurts when you are trying to get into the playoffs.
Sure was. Thank goodness we pulled through with the night game. Snapped a losing streak for us.
Tonight might be different, we actually didn't bat bad last game.
Hopefully they a good series coming up
This team is so lost! I think they need to blow this squad up and start over
Love baseball.
He sure is a wunderkind.Speaking of Theo, how are my Red Sox doing?
They weren't bad. They're doing really well lately.
I think so, it was pretty good. It was on sports science.
Fun times. anyway back to the Yankees. He's a right fielder, he smacks homers
Apparently this umpire hates it too.
And how about telling players as long as we pay you, you adhere to rules and standards that would preclude you from engaging in this stuff?
I agree.  Seems even most pitchers can hit homers over that wall.
I wonder what the first game on Facebook will be
Pineda
You can't just ignore all the records he set and all the awards he got. He was one of the best.
Well, he didn't do so bad, but there's another kid that does much better.
You never know.  People are people and when they hold grudges, I think that might trump the game.
They are still a well coached team.
I don't question that he'll finish well and that its just a bad month but sometimes the struggles come from injury, a noticeable change in mechanics, etc.
This Orioles team is not a great hitting team, but they have their abundance of sluggers.
Anyone else?
Do you get to see many basebal games in person?
Yeah I like baseball.
Yeah, you have to be crazy to throw at Giancarlo Stanton.
Mike Napoli also hit a home run last night as well.
I promise.
That sounds like a boring game.
Eleven homers so far this year, not the worst.
I believe so.  But I would have to check.
Yeah I like baseball.
That was a sweet hit though.  I hope you do that during the game.
It would be more exciting if it was a closer game
it could be but i dont see how it affected his games
Currently the score is pretty intense
Jeez, that's a long time. Well that sucks but it wasn't like the Braves were going anywhere this year.
Whats worse?
They are pretty good, you must be a  good player yourself!
You are so right. Their division is just too competitive to allow for a losing streak like that.
You like baseball?
They were on fire.
The fans are similar to Philly fans in that regard. Tough to please.
Like what?
Yeah, I'd been playing since t-ball, so it was weird to stop, that's why I joined the club team.
...and it was funny because that one pitcher from Japan who sometimes bats DH..
I think the Veterans added to the team help a lot.
Well the coaches are usually the first to go and then the players at the end of the season.
Yeah that way
No at the baseball Game tonight.
Do you have any favorite baseball players?
Wow, Boston?
They have to much talent to continue to struggle.
Thats another spot I thought we would see something
They should have no music.
Well technically women would be softball, but that's a whole different conversation. Usually men but I'll occasionally check out the women's.
I've decided on The Astros myself
They actually have gotten quite a few new players i think they are gonna go far.
Yeah one win is not a turn around, so they still have a lot of work to do.
Florida has to lose to Kentucky for LSU to be SEC champions.
I guess you can say that.
Did you ever play?
I thought they would have, but the coaches were trying to teach them how to properly throw and needed someone to shag the balls.
Yeah I like it okay.
Yeah, the stands were packed.
Thats a progressive thought
He has got to be the best pitcher in the AL by a lot.
Like, stealing?
Yeah the Phillies need him to find that type of performance more consistently.
No. You have it wrong.
No i have not seen any of their recent games.
The Braves seem really good to me sometimes.  But their record is pretty bad.
One of the pitchers is Jim Johnson.
The club didn't provide any details. It just said that he's restin comfortably.
I remember those days.  Just playing in the mud.
I think he ended up with 4 RBI for the evening.
Yeah. I love baseball.
Yeah I do.  Do you like it?
I don't knew, that's why I'm asking you.
First of all, baseball is a game that takes an investment of knowledge to enjoy watching.
Seems simple enough to me then.
Well, that's a common mistake people make. Mantle was actually the faster of the two, but Mays stole more bases in part to Mantle's injuries.
Are you going to watch the game tonight?
Hopefully they will get a game in tomorrow.
So did I. It was amazing.
So baseball pays more.
Definitely, he was playing like an MVP.
What about the Cubs?
How do you know that but not know what the ball was made of?
Their pitching needs some improvemeny.
I know but we know how this is going to play out. The Angels will underachieve and miss the postseason.
Agree, good move.  Did we give up too much?
It got heated. The Blue Jays beaned 7 batters, including Freeman.
He was a good fielder and all around player.  A strong role model as well.  A credit to any team and someone to look up to.  He belongs higher on the list than he might actually be.
22
I guess so
Yeah I love baseball.
Well, sort of. He thought they would care more about the players than they did the sale of merhcandise.
When I was in high school.
No, just a big fan.
So you think the hitters have evolved?
He was alright.  I was a Nomar fan myself.
Absolutely.
I don't get to as much as I like.
So when do you think bat flipping is okay?
Have you ever been to a game?  Not just watched one on TV?
I'm a big fan of the LA Dodgers.
Yeah a little bit.
They just have a great record and have 3 weeks worth of games against really bad teams
Yeah unlike the Twins they have a good mix of youth and vets
Just asking. What a game Kershaw pitched.
Wow, a double header on Mother's Day?
True. But when I watch this team I'm not convinced that they can be division winners.
They're going to get wrecked hard by a semi decent team.
I haven't been to many games since I was a kid too. I tried going recently, but it just didn't hold up.
It isn't that bad. They have three aces that are pretty good.
That's the way sports and society is now...people jump on the latest trend very quickly.
What is the score in the game?
It's crazy. They have nobody they can turn to in the pen right now.
I think they have already blown four or five at least.
Ok. I'm going to stump you sooner or later. Let's see. Most strikeouts in his career?
Like what?
If any team needed a day off tonight it is them.
Yeah, what was he doing, somersaults on a dirt bike?
What's your favorite thing about the game?
I like to go to see them play.
When I played baseball in the minors.
Have you ever been to Comerica Park? I was there a couple years ago- but I prefer Camden Yards any day
I didn't see the game.  Sounds like I missed a good one.
Every year? or over their careers?
Would it be so wrong though?
8th straight 10 strikeout game.
They were 23 and 15. Now, it's 23 and 16.
I couldn't agree more. I mean it was 46 degrees out there and 37 degrees with the wind chill factored in.
This game is so amazing. They are going to win. There's only a minute left of the game.
Did you know that Frazier started this season as a utility player?
Yeah, Andrew Miller and Cody Allen are both very good.
Your boyfriend.
what time does it come on?
So they threw at the next batter?
I support the Cubs primarily.
Who do you like?  I mean like a team.
I don't think so.  But Grandahl told the press that they worked it out, apologized to each other, and it's over and done with.
I think thats a fine line they have to toe.
Yeah it's just okay for me.
Votto is always great but where did Cozart learn to hit all of the sudden?
man listen, the twins ain't hanging around much longer
Yeah, I used to cheer for the Reds when I lived in Cincinatti
True. Every Brave except Bartolo haha.
Do you even like baseball? Ive never met a fan that didnt know when opening day was.
that's for sure
Five to Two. Was closer than the score showed though.
Sure he won't as he always does.
Yeah, beat the White Sox by one point. How do you think they will do this season?
OK even if he gives up 2 over 7 and they score 1 run.
Ok so what's your point?
yes but theyve had to mature
He is going to ask for over 400 million dollars.
I'm really happy to see that. They should be leading it all the time with the size of their payroll.
Yeah those teams are right on their heels. No time to sleep.
Certainly is, Alex Rodriguez did it 5 years ago.
No, not at all.
I think it will be great I mean they had a good margin in wins too, by points.
I think thats the direction they are going in
I think they should bring up the kid from Portland.
After Vanderbilt's recent rise they've become the undisputed cellar-dweller of the SEC
I mean, that's me.
Right so if I can learn to pitch I'll be a triple threat.
Cody Bellinger hit a two-run homer.
Just like any sale, the MLB is trying to get people "in the door" to sample the product by giving it away for free.Most Americans have lost interest in baseball.
How?
Yeah I'm a Sox fan.
They desperately need it. Right now they are 8 1/2 games behind the Nationals
This was so cool I started watching and felt glad they would win.
I think so too.  So when I was watching the game the tigers only had 2 runs.  When did they get the third?
Lucky guess. Next question.
His contract is pretty team friendly right now. Only 6 million a year.
You mean like he's saying this kid isn't worthy of his gloves?
That makes sense.
I think they assume that its just the kinks of being young
Yes, but I am realistic about them.
Like an MLB team?
Not really
This could be a championship season for the Astros.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
What about pitching.
That sucks, but why would you put yourself in that situation?
he is on fire he is like a beast with that glove.
Who's in second place right now?
Yeah, I've noticed that too, and that it's gone down since steroids were made illegal.
I think they will make a trade for one by the trade deadline.
Twins!!!!!!!!!! Let's go!!!!!  Aaarg! Actually, I want a hot dog.
Yeah they have to come back down to earth.
It was okay. Riverfront stadium; one of those old multi-purpose donut shaped stadiums
Alright since they tend to make contact that is productive I would say .270
He said he was pimping it and that we have seen it from him enough.
Did you ever play?
Well, the other team had used their pitcher all game, and I guess he was worn out.
Where was the game yesterday?
I agree. Did you watch the game last night?
Maybe. Yoenis Cespedes comes back next week and that should help.
I don't think they're making the playoffs
Say, that is good for a Twins pitcher. Did anyone get on base?
Yep, I really like baseball.
They still have Ryan Braun, right?
If it's 100% on the same playing field there is no chance. Guys like Altuve, Trout or Harper would hit close to .550 with a metal bat against NCAA pitching.
Yes we are tied.
Yeah I like the Braves.
That's a great team as well.
And I hope she succeeds unless she plays for the Cardinals, in which case I hope she's awful.
Well I would say Pujols but he left the team not long ago.
The best games I've ever seen have been the Yankees versus the Sox.  The crowd is just electric!
They didnt need to make it count in my opinion
Not mine.
This is where it's at. A day at a ball park. Watching the game. Hanging with your friends, family, loved one. hated ones. Hey if you love baseball, even though I hate you, I will sit and eat a hotdog with you, y'know what I mean?
The whole NL East is bad except for the Nationals, how many games will they win that division by?
haha, he's washed up
So?
It could be the Padres or Rockies as far as I know.
Yep.  Do you like baseball?
After the game Girardi said they were having trouble seeing the ball well. Duh!
Didn't they go to the World Series one year?
What's the place that plays New Brunswick teams a lot?
Yeah and it's still early, but I would like to see them take care of the Rockies this evening.
Have they ever one a world series?
He must be great!
I tried to but it got rained out in the fifth inning.
What has surprised me is that everyone on the team has been hitting.
I just think it is amazing how fast a team can sink back into mediocrity
Yep, and it barely missed him.  Then his second throw, the one that hit Bautista, was recorded at 95 mph!
Hey, we are good friends.
When do you think major trades start happening?
Tough crowd.
I was shopping at a baseball card shop and he was there.
That's an interesting question.  Let me think.
What about them?
And it was called that, for short. The first game was played in 1884, between the Providence Grays vs New York Metropolitans
Yeah. You want to show everyone that you are going to be a contender
Wow, that is not bad...but not great.
What? He's got some nerve to be doing that.
Yes, I noticed they were actually a couple of games ahead of the Cubs.
They haven't done as great, but they are still a solid team.
That's a game you tell your kids about one day! Great performance!
Finally the Marlins spend monoey and the player doesn't live up to it.
How long have they been our rivals?
Yeah, he's not really a power pitcher who relies on velocity.
But we don't have a bullpen.
They are but for generational talents theyll line up
What happened during the eighth inning?
That is so sad.
Sorry man.
Wow all by yourself?
Dodger Stadium, angles Stadium, giants stadium
Yeah, they do have long odds.
Interleague has been a humiliating part of the season for us. No doubt!
I don't think one game of decent batting will make up for for eight games of horrible losses.
Yes, I think they will.  They are playing the Giants
The culture in this organization is so bad right now. It's time for a change.
Oh yeah?  Big fan?
I hear that Sale is outperforming expectations.
It helps to finally make a world series.
Well, there are few biomechanic traits that go into a fast ball.
how good is he? like is he powerful?
What did he do?
Thats where you become too much like a dictator.
Speaking of pitchers, why would the Padres bring someone out of retirement to pitch?
Its like the free game of the day, but more people have facebook accounts then mlb.com ones
How'd he do
But he broke the rules. Thats why they suspended him and kicked him out of the sport.
Oh, well where is he playing now?
Not when millions of dollars are on the line!
And they have decent pitching.
Schwarber will get going. Although I personally don't know if he will ever be that superstar that his bat has the potential to be. I think he will be a solid 3 WAR guy. Just no superstar
Yeah Chris Davis and Manny Machado are definitely dangerous hitters.
Yes, Mark Melancon, their new closer, has a right pronator strain.  He just returned and saved the game against the Cardinals on May 19.
Living near Washington DC I get to see either the Baltimore Orioles or the Washington Nationals
Cool, do you have a team?
I would be terrified to see him coming at me with a bat.
Yeah they are getting great production from their main guys.
Come on.
Yeah but one beer will make it better.
Yeah but I'd like to see more.  Cozart on the other hand...
I honestly don't care who is leading the Central as long as it isn't the Cubs.
Same here.
Thanks.  I'll try.
I agree
he had a passion for the game
How intense is it.
I know but at least you could watch Freeman swing a bat, now there's no reason to watch this team.
I would say the relief pitching. Numbers wise.
I don't want to brag but yeah.
Well, I guess the only good news is that pretty every team in the division isn't necessarily playing their best right now.
Yeah I like baseball alright.
Right, they really gave him quite a round of applause.
During my high school and college years of the late 80s into the mid 90s, the Red Sox slowly worsened and became a very bad team. I still watched them as often as I could.
Hollowed out metal alloy bats can return the ball at a higher speed given the same power.
I've thought about starting up an adult league around here.
Ryuki...yeah?
Certainly, you can't overlook the veteran players added to the team.
Very true, but I think both groups will have some heads will roll
No, I think baseball has changed
What?
Yes, I like Cal Ripken. He played for the Baltimore Orioles.
Yeah, I know.
I agree with you. This team is stacked.
Do you think they have issues with their bullpen?
I guess it would take it back to the old days.
What is your favorite team?
Just for that, I might just Pick the Rangers.
I love them so  i hope they go far this season
Definitely. But this could be a springboard for them. They still have plenty of time in this season.
Oh man I really hope Coach Paul Mainieri can pull out this win for LSU, they really need it.
It's really an unspoken thing.
No never played.  You?
And that was you?
Same here.
Where was it?
I think you do what you need to in order to get on base.
He tied the record he had already tied in 2015.
It was extremely disrespectful.
The guy is 5-1 this year, so they play pretty well when he is out there
How?
You should watch them they are mesmerizing.
Yeah.  I was starting to get worried they might get off to the terrible start they had last year.
I do not think i have heard of him might be why i view them all as bad.
I wonder what happened.
Yeah, we had to hose off the guys before they left.  No one wanted them in their vehicles.
Can you believe it? The Rockies have more wins this year than any other National League team.
I am so glad. You didn't want to be on the team at first.
Yeah sure do.  Do you have a team?
What?
What does that mean? That doesn't sound very fun.
That is not all their is a little more to it.
We can throw Ty Cobb into the mix too.
I want to but I think it's postponed.
I hope so as the Brewers are hot and they need to keep playing.
He really is an excellent catcher.
Right so they cant spend time on both sports
He will be tough to replace but you got former Diamondback Swanson to lead you know.
I think they have a bit of a hangover from winning last year. They haven't looked good.
I didn't say I didn't know what the ball was made of, just that there have been many other bat and ball games.
I agree. They either hit well or pitch well. They can't seem to get it all together
yeah as much as I want to argue with you about this, you are probably right.
Not really.  Moncada is young and supposed to be great, but you never know.
I hope the Braves retaliated.
There were quite a few players with high numbers in the 80's to the 2000's that put up astounding performances like Mark McGuire, Barry Bonds, Roger Clemens and others that subsequently were found to have used performance enhancement drugs
And it's only May! Do you think they will get better?
Think about it, isnt it important to get the meat of the lineup out?
Who do you like?
So what happened with the scissors?
When you played for the Vipers?
I bet you have a Werth jersey.
Its just that theres more contact going on in baseball
Agree to disagree chief.
What's the details of it?
Do you have a particular team that you go for?
Well I don't mind it as much when it's a big moment, like a walk off home run.
Yeah, in Seattle.  The field was really green and I guess some of the stats were kind of interesting, but it got a little boring after a while.
My Dad loves them and has been a fan since they were back in Brooklyn.
Cool.  Who is your favorite player?
Well they just got to feast on the Phillies.
Anyway, do you think LA has the best shot in the NL?
I thought one of his best.
Not only that, it was Derek Jeter day.
I don't know. Maybe they can make some deals at the trading deadline.
They shouldn't be losing
It's definitely more comfortable to sit at home and watch.
Again, being .500 in May isn't a good sign. They aren't exactly overpowering.
Do you think they will rebound and end up winning the division?
It's 3-3 in the 7th inning, they just put Al Albuquerque in. You should turn it on.
I know, even Neris and Benoit are throwing awful. They have one of the worst pens in the league.
And have had several more that the offense bailed them out.
That's even easier than the homerun count. Nolan Ryan with 5714. The Second is Randy Johnson, but 839 less than Ryan
Something that sets it apart.
Yeah, they should give them the whole year off.
Dunno, but his contract's up this year.
That's a good question.
What do you like about them?
Who did it?
Yea, I got to go for my birthday one year when the birds were in town and I was there for work.. crystal clear view of the field and pitcher. Loved it.
Did you see the Derek Jeter retirement ceremony the other night?  I was crying.
I don't know. Whichever. What do they make? Who's the highest paid baseball player over his career?
For what?
Thats hard to pass up.
Oh, you mean they lost last night?
Sounds more like football weather instead of baseball weather
Marcus is going to be thrilled. He just made it home.
No, I didn't know that why?
Who do you think will be in the World Series this year?
Really?
i know during the season, its n almost every night.
Yea and then Stanton got thrown at
What city are there from?
I'm a big Red Sox fan.
How's the new kid, Christian Arroyo, doing?
What do you mean by that?
Just okay?
The announcers were saying Cozart had a new stance that allowed him to be much more relaxed at the plate.
tigers neither, I really think by the end of june, they'll be just battling for home field
Who was your favorite Reds player
Bartolo Colon truly is big sexy.
Of course i do. Im a big fan of baseball. My favorite team is the Yankees
so, you wanna hear something cool about baseball?
So it was a good game?
Bave a good time and let's talk about the players while we wait.
I mean they are looking pretty good. The White Sox had a decent season and they still managed to beat them.
OK i can see your point slightly.
Babe Ruth had 714 home runs, you just can't compare the two.
lots of other baseball teams are still good
Do you think they will pay him?
True. But there are a lot of factors involved with their performance on the field.
For sure, this maybe a battle all the way to the end of the season between these teams.
That Judge kid looks to be an amazing young talent.
Bryce Harper's contract is ending soon, right?
Most the games by two points. But they had some bad loses.
Thats interesting
I think he needs at least a few months there. Maybe August.
I was listening to Head-to-head the other day and they predicted they would host a regional
Murder players.
You will indeed.
Talk about Wood!
I doubt they're giving it away for free.
Analytics is turning lineups into hit machines
White or Red?
They can't worry about the Nationals right now. They have to worry about not dropping to last place
That is nice I am so happy they won!
They didn't get the third run until the 9th inning.
Which National League manager was the first to win four World Series?
That's why they were willing to put up will all his nonsense. He has value.
Exactly! He said the kid was privileged and not some "Make A Wish: kid.
Also, did you know they cover the ball in mud.
Some of them have weird deliveries
Well, miracles happen.
Yeah mlb, minors, whatever.
How many ball parks have you been to
Wouldn't that be crazy. It seems weird that they are a legitimate title contender
Well... It's hard not too.  It's frustrating.
They have had good pitching, and good defense.
Exactly, I think he is a bit of a reckless person.
What channel can i watch the game on?
The Indians and the Tigers are a game back, while the White Sox and the Royals are under .500.
People like seeing home runs, and catching them. They love the home run derby.
When is that?
I want some beer. Let's grab two or three or twelve. I brought my Mom's credit card.
So if they could start picking up the pace on the road this could be an interesting divisional fight.
Astroturf?
And how about for contact hitters?
How much you want to bet he gets hit by pitch in next three or four games?
I played a little bit when I was a kid.  You?
Oh, so that must have screwed them up.
It was at Wrigley Field. I have been there a couple of times and hope to go again soon!
No who played?
True. I think they have a few other key players out with injuries too.
Well the mets have Sindergaard
Dozier got beaned in the head and got a walk.
Did you ever play?
Yes, but he is actually hurt right now.
Think a team like LSU, with really good fielding, would almost definitely win one in 50. All it takes is one game where the MLB team gee unlucky on balls in play and the MLB pitcher has control issues
Two out bottom of 6th. Guts who's up?
That's cool I like the Braves too.
Do you ever get the chance to play?
I'm sorry, did you just imply that a pitcher that came up with the Cardinals that should otherwise have only an outside chance at being on an MLB roster would be unaffected by our devil magic?
Yeah that was a shame, he was a good player
Completely agreed.  That's when you can see the true spirit of the MLB, you can just feel the energy and passion.
Yeah that was the league really messing that up
Any reason in particular.
Haha. You're an idiot. I wouldn't want to share this with someone I hate. Let's say ISIS, would you eat a hotdog with an ISIS member?
Jeez at least 20 probably. Even the Mets are way under .500.
no way man, he's only 33
So he didn't really do anything WRONG, just went against a rule that had been around for a while.
Anyway, back to the extra inning game--Posey winning it with a homer, that was something.
Yeah I do.  You?
Poor Montgomery. I guess it's tough when you're just starting out.
Yeah, but I believe they were swept
I think Vermont?
Matter of fact the Reds have lost 6 in a row, so they got to  stop the bleeding.
I don't think so.
He sure is.
I couldn't stay up to watch the Reds game.  How many innings did it go?
The pitching has also been solid tis year.
Yeah it's hard to believe that there was a time when this team was amazing.
The blue Jays crushed the Braves Thursday night.
Yes, but I just would not feel good about not paying full price.
I'd guess first week of June, thereabouts.
I agree about Stanton though. Just give him a bat and stay out of his way.
What was he doing there .
Okay.
Do you think they can go far?
These teams are not even around anymore.
Plus this instills confidence in the team that they can compete against the top teams.
I think the problem is really in their pitching.
I 100% would have thrown at anyone other than Stanton, dude is  massive.
Houston is another team that is surprising.
And really, staying loyal is what keeps teams like that solid.
Yeah they needed all of his offense last night
He's making 1 million per strike out. Haha!
Ever since both were in New York.
Do you think he's more valuable than Trout?
If the starters pitch to expectations, we won't need one.
So the Yankees are his landing spot.
Kluber almost pitched a no-hitter the whole night.
Congress is even investigating it.
Were you busy or just didn't watch it.
Yeah...with that same glove I gave you. (looks down at the glove he gave to billy last year for t-ball).
You?
Especially in a tough NL Central where you know the Chicago Cubs haven't yet played their best baseball.
Could you imagine, 3 losses in a row? That would put us in 2nd place. We need to stay strong this season.
Not really, but we might see some good batting tonight and that might lead to a good game.
The Giants are only 17-25 this year
It may be necessary to get rid of the GM and the manager. Just to shake things up!
Yeah.
He sure is, amazing! He is leading the AL in strikeouts by a large margin.
Yeah. That was one hell of a dry spell, wasn't it?
Such as?
When he hits homers he knocks it into the restaurant outside. I'm not even playing.
He had the fan ejected from the game!
I would be ok with a team saying no off roading.
Seems that's their M.O. -- too cheap to buy good talent.
I think this could work, we'll have to see though.
He went six, gave up four, three earned
Yeah I get that part. Although he has always maintained that he never bet on games he played in and never purposely tried to lose.
He's in the outfield.
That's true.  Who is favored anyway?
Did you think the Mets would be this bad?
Schwarber has time to become an elite player, and him playing left can be fine. But I'm not seeing passable defense yet, am I wrong?
These guys can go yard at anytime.
Michael Morse is back, too.  In his first at-bat of 2017, he hit a home run off of Pedro Baez of the Dodgers.
Who do you thin is the greatest baseball p-layer of all time.
I like the Braves.  What about you?
I actually thought some punches were going to be thrown.
They also got a good outing from Nick Martinez
They 're really, really active.
That's true.
Yeah, there you go.  Batting what like .400 these days?
I know right?  They win 1 World Series in over 100 years and suddenly they have millions of fans!
Do you have a favorite team?
You can use my bat for practice today.
Perhaps the next game will be better
how is it any worse than taking steroids
Every oufield guy is picking it up like mines and giving them no time it is a riot.
I just keep waiting for this team to turn a corner and become elite again.
Yeah the starter's ERA is not that bad.
Would you like to play for the MLB someday?
That's too. Even with those losses the Pirates are only 8 or 9 games out of first place, which is at least something.
Yeah same here.  Do you have a team?
Yes, it was thunderous and well deserved.
The strike year of 94 was devastating. Not to only the Red sox, but baseball in general.
And...?
That sounds sweet!
Well he was pitching do the DH...
Do you think they will go all the way?
Well we will have to see at the end of the season
In what respect
I won a contest and were going to sing.
I like Cal Ripken as well. Have you been to Camden Yards?
Even New Brunswick?
Yeah it's time for the Cubs to dominate.
Yes but that can be easily fixed
I wonder if the players like it.
OU Sooners of course! University of Oklahoma all the way!
Well they do have good pitching.
Yeah last season was so bad it was not that good.
True. Reyes helped him out of a jam in the 7th inning.
I agree, Jared Poche pitched really good yesterday.
Let's wait and see how he does and how he is treated.
Yeah I played a little bit.
Yes.  And seven year old kids really can't throw.
Who do you think is the best player in baseball now?
It was at Armfield Park, the old ball field, remember?
What about throwing at a guy?
This is the second 8 straight 10+ K streak he's had. Unreal.
How many?
There is a little concern over him though because his back tightened up in the 6th inning.
That's how players would get paid off.
I might if i got a chance but i am busy watching the other teams i really want to see that rangers match
I hope Freddie's hand heals quickly.
He is really good he is like a flying bullet and he will help the Braves win.
I think maybe its his age.
No kidding.  So how did they do?
No I can't believe it! I did not foresee this at the beginning of the year.
That's because I thought it would be boring.
I guess I go for the A's from time to time.
Just kidding. The had five.
It's like food. You can eat food and not really think about it, or you can learn about food and gain a pallette and suddenly your world is blown wide open.
What more is their to it?
Another good one.
Who's your favorite player?
Who do you think is the better team, New York Yankees or the Baltimore Orioles?
He's not a bad pitcher either.
Or are the athletes just not as good?
The braves definitely got the better of that trade.
I agree, it all comes down to arms and they don't have any aces.
in the US. the game of baseball. How was it made.
Well, it was awesome to see Castillo hit 2 homers throughout the game.
I hate it for Trout though because this guy is the best their is in baseball right now.
I would have rather kept him and gotten rid of Castillo.
Freeman's wrist was broken off one pitch.
Yeah, that got into the courts and some players were to have been found to even committed perjury i think.  It was really sad.
We'll they better hope they can't get worse!
Always
I'm a White Sox fan.
He grabbed a pair and cut up a bunch of the throwback jerseys in the team's clubhouse.
Yes, that's right. Remember Julie and Ellen taking you to the games with them?
Yeah, actually you're right but it's from Philly.
But the power numbers are down.
Come on!  You have to give Nomar his due.
Changing the rules for pop flies and homeruns.
I like a local team near me.
Yea, but this game the Blue Jays were losing and Bautista just did it for show.
I guess if there aren't many hits, it can be a little tedious.  So, do you have favorite position?
Do you know anything about the Atlanta Braves?
Mike Trout is a great player.
I know but they play Mariners, Braves, and Giants.
They have the cash and assets to acquire more help, they have youth
I agree.
Isn't he already retired?
I don't know if they are going to want to increase their current payroll.
They'll keep losing regardless.
Yeah, you don't have to pay for food and you can always see what's going on.
They're in a tough division. They'll come around
I hope not. I can't live through another year of all these "fariweather fans."
Albuquerque? When did we get him? How? I thought he was with the Tigers.
For sure, at least their hitters are turning it around though.
I wish they had made a better play for a closer this offseason.
Most strikeouts in a single season.
They tried building a wall of ivy
The only bright spot seems to be Marcell Ozuna.
Not a good for him heading into negotiations for a big payday.
Take your time.