The San Antonio Spurs are getting killed in this series.
What do you think of Michael Jordan?
Are you watching the Celtics/Cavaliers series.
I have a gripe about NCAA basketball.
Have you seen the Arizona Diamondbacks this year?
How did you like Lebron's reaction to the snub?
I can see the NBA decreasing playoff teams soon
Do you think either the Cavs or Warriors will go 16-0 during this postseason?
Basketball was my favorite sport as a kid. I loved the Celtics of the 1980s.
It looks like it will be the Warriors and Cavaliers again in the NBA Finals this year.
I am always fascinated to tune into a basketball when they are in the play offs, do you?
Do you know a lot about basketball?
Do you think the NBA should do away with a salary cap?
Are you watching the Celtics play the Cavs tonight?
How about the NBA lottery results the other night.
Did you see the Boston, Cleveland game tonight?
I cant wait until next season start, my Pelicans are going to be great!
Did you hear about the Celtics player?
Who do you think is the greatest player to ever play basketball?
Did you see the game between South Carolina and Gonzaga?
I can't believe the Wizards lost in the playoffs against the Celtics.
What are the Cavs doing?
When is the draft?
I don't know what direction the Dallas Mavericks organization is going?
Hey do you think it's fair to say Michael Jordan is the greatest player of all time?
I can't watch Lebron tonight!
How crazy was that Celtics beatdown?
Are you going to watch the Spurs game on Monday?
The Bulls organization seems really lost
Did you see the game between the Warriors and the Spurs last night?
Did you see game 2 between the Celtics and Cavs?
This kid has some NBA scouts drooling already. Huge pickup! Good job Tommy!
So who won last night's game between the Warriors and Spurs?
Who are you crowning for MVP this year?
What Indiana Pacer did Knicks fan Spike Lee anger during the 1994 playoffs by calling him "Cheryl"? A: Reggie Miller.
So, who do you think will win the NBA finals this year?
Did you watch the Golden State and San Antonio game last night?
Did you see game 2 between the Spurs and Warriors.
The Cavaliers are much better than the Celtics.
Can you believe the season the Pacers are having?
Hi Bob, did you see play of last night?
Dude Lebron James is the best player of all time.
You going to the game tonight?
Who do you think will win the NBA Finals this year?
Hey User 2 have you been watching the NBA playoffs?
Did you hear that the playoffs are starting?
How do the warriors pay all of these players?
Who is in the NBA playoffs?
The Cavaliers are unbeatable.
Do you think Carmelo Anthony is going to be playing in New York next year?
Are you ready for another Cavs Warriors finals?
Did you see the Cavs and Celtics games the other night?
Which conference is the strongest for NCAA basketball?
Hey were you at the game last night?
So what do you think off the playoffs so far?
Did you see the Warriors Spurs game yesterday?
So you're a basketball fan, right?
The Cavaliers are having a cake walk into the finals
Who would you rank as the best player in the NBA today?
Hey did you see the last Cavs game ?
Did you see the game between Purdue and Kansas?
Do you follow basketball?
Have you watched The Wizards this year?
Did you see the game last night with the Bulls?
Hey, do you know why the Celtics are wearing black bands on their jerseys?
Who's the tallest player in the NBA anyway?
Who do you think is going to win the championship this year?
Do you think the Suns are good?
Are you watching the game tonight?
What do you think about Durant's move to Golden State
Should the NBA realign?
Hey man how's it going? Have you been watching the NBA this year?
Have you been watching the Playoffs this year?
Do you see what the Warriors are doing?
Can you believe the fans booed KD?
One of the teams you have to look out for next year is the Timberwolves.
Hey man how is the game going today?
Do you think the Celtics use that draft pick this year?
Who do you think will coach the Knicks next season?
Do you like Lebron James?
Did you catch game 7 between the Celtics and Wizards?
Who do you think will draft Lonzo Ball.
Did you watch the game with the Golden State Warriors against the San Antonio Spurs?
Did you see Lebron was a first team selection for the 11th time?
are u excited for the cleveland game tonight?
So I guess the finals will be Warriors vs Cavs again, huh?
Free throw shooting is terrible in the league anymore
Did you see the point guard for the Celtics play?
So, which teams should blow it up?
Hey, do you like basketball?
This playoffs this year have been really disappointing.
Did you see the game  between the Cavs and Celtics.
Hey what about the Warriors this year?
Who do you think wins the Finals?
Did you watch much college basketball this year?
Ok Then who's the tallest player in the NBA currently?
What do you see the Lakers doing to get George?
Did you hear the Lakers fired Mitch Kupchak?
What do you think about the Warriors vs Spurs game?
I feel like talking basketball.
Which teams do you think will meet in the Finals?
What do you think of Westbrook?
Do you ever think a no. 16 seed will beat a no. 1 seed in the tournament?
Does the NBA want to change the draft lottery process?
So did the Celtics win last night?
How about those Celtics?
Howabout that Lebron!
What do you see the Raptors doing next year?
What do you feel is the most overrated NCAA conference in basketball?
Did you see game 4 between the Cavs and Raptors?
Have you watched any of the NBA playoffs?
Wow! The NBA playoffs are sure strange this year.
Hey did you see that article about Kevin Durant?
Did you see the playoffs between the Golden State Warriors and the Spurs?
Will the Sixers ever be good again?
So do the Celtics have any chance of taking a game from the Cavs?
Did you see the blood bath that was the Cleveland / Boston Game the other night?
How about that young talent on the sixers?
Did you see the game 3 between the Warriors and the Spurs?
Have you been watching the NBA Playoffs?
Do you remember who won the 2014-2015 NBA finals?
Did you watch the basketball game last night?
Are you loving playoff time or what?
Did you watch the game last night?
Do you think the Celtics have a chance tonight?
How many points did Durant end up scoring in game 3?
Wow dude did you see that Warriors Knicks game last night?
Do the Cavaliers go 16-0 in the playoffs?
Were you able to see the match between Wisconsin and Villanova?
When did the Wizards become a team?
Watch the Warriors last night?
I am having withdrawals since the NCAA tournament wrapped up.
So, you tell me you hate the NBA. Why?
So are you following the NBA playoffs this year?
So it looks like we will all finally get to see the Warriors vs. Cavaliers in the finals.
Why are there only two good teams?
Did you see the championship game between Gonzaga and North Carolina?
Are you going to watch the Cavs game tonight?
I tell you the Wizards really disappointed me this year.
Did you watch the destruction of the Celtics the other night?
Have you been keeping up with cavs they did amazing against the celtics.
Whether or not the East is weaker than the West.
Which two teams selected players ahead of Michael Jordan?
The Cavs put the nail in the coffin on the regular season.
What do you think about this years playoffs?
The biggest joke of a franchise has got to be the Knicks.
Do you thin Cleveland or Golden State will lose a game before the NBA Finals?
Did you see Game 1 of the Spurs vs. Warriors series?
Did you catch that game last night between the San Antonio Spurs and the Golden State Warriors?
Did you watch the Cavaliers and Celtics game on Friday night?
Did you see how well the Warriors play together this year?
Did you catch the game between UCLA and Kentucky?
Did you see the Warriors last night?
Who is your favorite player from the 96 Chicago Bulls?
Who is your favorite to win the finals this year?
Did you get home from work in time to catch the Golden State Warriors at the San Antonio Spurs game last night?
DId you see the basketball game last night?
Chris what is up you been watching the playoffs.
Are you bored of the NBA product?
I was really upset at game 1.
Do you remember the last time the Sixers made the finals?
Did you see that Cavalier game the other night?
Can you believe Harden's beard and hair do?
Who were the two finalists in the NBA 2005 game?
Did you see the basketball game last night?
I scored three points at my game today. I've never scored points before.
How about this game tonight?
You know what's funny though?
Are you going to watch the Boston vs. Cleveland game tonight?
Were you able to see game 3 between the Warriors and Jazz?
Hey, did you watch the Warrior/Spurs game last night?
Have you been keeping up with the playoffs?
Who was the best guard in NCSU's history?
When does the regular season end?
The Cavaliers seem unstoppable.
Did you see that Wade is playing on the Bulls now?
Man I hope that the Houston Rockets play better in the playoffs next year
Do you do the whole March Madness thing?
Will Chris Paul stay in LA?
Man, How about the playoffs this year?
Are you watching the N.B.A playoffs?
Who do you think the 76ers will draft in the upcoming NBA Draft?
I can't believe these NBA playoffs.
DId you see the cavs game?
Why was the western conference so bad this year?
Have you been watching the NBA playoffs this year?
Who do you think is the best player ever?
Is Markelle Fultz that much better than everyone?
The Milwaukee bucks are a team on the rise
Did you see the Spurs game last night?
Have you been watching any of the playoffs?
Do you think that Boogie Cousins and Anthony Davis can co-exist?
What do you think of the semi-finals
Did you see that guy make that dunk?
Kevin Durant was on fire last night. Did you see the game?
How bad do the Spurs miss Leonard?
How was the 76'ers last game?
Who do you think will be in the NBA Finals?
Were you able to catch the game between Wisconsin and Florida?
What is the biggest problem the NBA faces today?
Are you a basketball fan?
Did you see the Clippers game the other day?
I'm excited about the Los Angeles Lakers' future.
I am so mad right now.
Are you enjoying the NBA playoffs so far?
did you see the basketball game last night?
Did you see the last Spurs game against the Warriors?
Did you see the game this Saturday with the Warriors?
Did you watch teh game between the Warriors and Spurs last night?
Looks like it's going to be the Warriors vs the Cavs in the finals
Did you see last night's basektball game?
Did you see the match between Xavier and Arizona?
Can you see the Nets  ever getting back to success?
Who is currently winning in the NBA finals?
Did you see that Spurs and Warriors game last night?
What do you think should happen to the NBA's bottom-feeders?
Do you remember who won the 2000 NBA finals?
Did you see the game between Kentucky and North Carolina?
Do you think the Warriors will pull it off this year?
Did you ever play basketball growing up?
The Hawks organization is influx
Celtics will get the first pick in the draft.
Hi! Are you a wizards fan?
Do you think Derrick Rose will ever be the player he was suppose to be?
Hey there, are you watching the NBA playoffs?
Did you watch the Celtics-Cavs the other night?
The Trailblazers have a bright future ahead of them
Did you see that Boston got the number 1 pick in the NBA draft?
Hey do you follow basketball at al?
Who do you think is the greatest of all time in basketball?
Is Porzingis long for New  York?
What was the final score for the Cavs game?
Hey wanna play some Ball later?
So, how about this first half?
Who do you think is the MVP?
Did you see the Minnesota Lynx win last night?
Wow Joe i was shocked we lost the game was so close it was almost unreal how close it was.
You watching the NBA draft tonight?
hi there...have you been watching these NBA playoffs?
Boy the Celtics just weren't ready for the Cavs
Did you see the Cavs game last night?
Did you see the Golden State, Spurs game last night
What is the most exciting play in basketball?
What have you thought of the NBA playoffs?
How about them Kings? Really got fleeced by the sixers?
Hey, how did you like that Carolina game last night?
Did you see game 4 between the Rockets and Spurs?
Who was the first ever unrestricted free agent?
Who wins Rookie of the Year?
Hey have you been watching the NBA playoffs?
SO WHO DO YOU THINK WILL BE IN THE NBA FINALS?
You're telling me that a healthy San Antonio or Houston couldn't at least make the series competitive?
Yeah the Warriors have been cruising.
Did you see Jordan play for the Washington Wizards?
He has been a nightmare for them.  They can't stop him.
I LOVE when they do this, actually?
Me too, they are playing some pretty good ball and as long as they keep playing as a team, they will be fine
I don't know but thats a great comparison by Calipari.
No I think they are trending in the right direction to try and make it harder to get in the playoffs.
The Celtics, I think.
And MJ AND THE bULLS WERE WAITING IN THE WING as well. It was an exciting time to be a basketball fan.
Yeah, and they still have Andre Igoudala off the bench to guard LeBron. He won't start this time.
Yeah, well I know someone, who knows someone, and they make sure I can purchase at a very reasonable price.
That's not the only reason to like a team though!
I would rather see super teams to be honest
That press conference afterwards was tragic.
It is a nice deep draft.
I think so, no Kawahi no Spurs.
Wow, do you still have confidence in him?
Yeah, it was pretty intense!
Because not many people can stay healthy and play as many games as Jabbar did.
South Carolina only had 5 turnovers while Gonzaga had 12 turnovers.
No, I don't.  The Celtics bench outscored the Wizards bench throughout their playoffs.
Yea, they did and it helped.
Fultz by far, even if Ball is the better player- all the off the court issues are a MAJOR concern.
Yeah I mean they did pick up Nerlens Noel, but has he already maximized his talent?
You just don't like Kobe.
Not a slight chance?
Question is, would Gordon Hayward get them over the hump?
Crazy right, I don't think a terrorist would be 7 feet tall.
I don't know if Jimmy Butler is a bonafied superstar. I mean he is a good player
Everyone says he has the skills, but somehow he is not performing up to par.
Did you know the Celtics also had 20 turnovers.
Looks like he's class of 17'. He just announce his commitment to Gonzaga (via twitter) and will play next year.
Geez, those guys are dominant
The amount of triple doubles he had is astounding.
In my opinion it's LeBron james
No, but he goes a long way.
Ginobli stepped up last night. Johnathon Simmons had a good game as well. Aldridge just hasn't been himself in the series.
That's true. I guess the other players will have to step it up.
I think so. He is the best player.
Next Friday against the Chicago Bulls.
Yeah,top performers last night.
Because dunking is not everything.
If you say so man.
Well, the Warriors have Curry, Durant, and others. Cleveland can't rely on just LeBron!
Yes, I agree it gets pretty stale if you look at it like that. It makes you wonder what other teams are missing.
They have no chance...I like their coach though
Yea, what a great world that was.
I think the Warriors right now but it's anyone's game.
He is like a person who marries another person for their money.
Not exactly. I think the Knicks are going to over-estimate Carmelo's abilities and demand someone better than he is.
The fact that he came into the league at 19 and simply has not stopped producing.
I guess Steph Curry might be down but never out.
Bear with me...the Big Ten was the best this year.
Williams always gets the long shots.
Maybe
Why is that? Because he is the heart and soul of the team. Can do anything, rebound and pass and score.
Mainly really, really stupid trades.
Lebron James is just running over people
Actually you are making mine.
Yeah, there is no excitement cause he se the goat.
Both players hit many three pointers.
Hang time? What do you mean by that?
Really! They could not stop him.
Bet you woke up the house when you did that.
Good.  I hate to say but I have to root for the underdog here.
That would be Muggsy Bogues
Did you just jump on the bandwagon?
Yeah, we never get the top pick, or anything.
You are right, plus they have a deep bench.
Yeah me too. I think this was a move just so he can say that he was a champion.
I mean that in a way where its not important as you think
That's alright we all have favorites that fade in and out, it's not weird.
Last year was at least exciting because it was Curry v Lebron for the first time.
Yea, Lebron wont lose in 4 to them.
No, man, I was watching the Knicks.
I know right. That is his calling card, but it hasn't happened yet
Yeah and if I win I get double tickets so I'm on the edge of my seat.
They are plenty young.
It looks like they wlll beat the Spurs.
I actually thought that was pretty funny, and I laughed at the people of Cleveland.
Horford and Smart each had 6 rebounds for the Celtics.
I'm thinking Wizards.
Yeah 3-0 lead in the series.
June 26th, I wonder why they wait so long.
how much have you made for being a loyal cleveland playoff 'theoretical' supporter?
I agree. Both teams need to stay healthy so we can finally get a competitve series in this play-offs.
Well its important to know theres no way guys cant shoot.
Wow so he looks small out there, but is kinda big in real life?
That is the wisest decision, but not so "LA"
Yeah, I can see that. I'm a fan of the San Antonio Spurs, so it's been easy to get excited about the NBA in recent years.
Me either. These players keep joining together.
Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving have been playing extremely well too.
But he is too short.
Motivates him?
Yeah, but I like how most of their players stay all four years.
He wasn't that good.
I want him in New Orleans too, either one would be fine with me.
Yeah, he was pretty good and was probably going to get a scholarship.
I heard that he might be going with them. That is good to hear.
Well, Mooney isn't doing to bad.  Been pretty excited to see him on the floor.
Well, the Cavaliers have three: Lebron, Kyrie and Kevin Love.
Ball will go second I think.
And in the womens?
Ok and whats next
Cavs beat them by 40+ points in game 2
You're gonna put Fultz at the shooting guard position?
Yes it was.
They definitely do. They also seemed to be weak mentally
Well, the past few years has seen Memphis, Houston, ECU, UConn, and Cincinnati all being highly-ranked, and temple being respected as well.
Irving led the team with 9 assists.
Oh, they're playing all for games even after how the second game went?
Steve Kerr was having a great career in Tucson as a player at Arizona when I lived there.  Sometimes I used the research library at the U of A and I would occasionally see him there taking care of classwork.  He was a quality person.
I'm actually trying to get tickets to an OKC game next week. Would you want me to get you a ticket?
Could you believe how the Warriors ran up the points during the game.  They really outplayed the Spurs.
Yes  and for pennies on the dollar.
Olynyk needs to step up again for sure.
I really do, but he was also aided by the superstar players in the league: Shaq, Kobe, Young Lebron.
No, it is, but I'll believe it when I see it.
That's true. A team that plays against the Warriors and shoots that poorly is probably not going to win the game.
He is a great player, but sometimes attitude comes through.
Yes, you're right, it was Derrick Rose from Chicago Bulls.
Yeah what time is it?
Yes, we miss him.  Do you play any basketball video games?
I admit they've been okay, but they haven't been great this year.  They're not the Celtics or anything like that.
But how do you do that?
Of course it would be, he was a first team candidate all season long.
Hes 7 foot tall just dunk it with two hands...
Yeah its a top heavy league and that is real apparent right now.
Hayes and Happ each had 8 rebounds for Wisconsin.
I am not sure.
He had a great game yesterday, and what about McGee--he's becoming a force.
For sure. He has turned Tech's program around. Have you ever been to Cassell?
They don't call traveling. The players pretty much can do whatever they want and it's all good.
Brutal? It was completely uncalled for and Zaza should be taken out.
Actually, it is looking more and more like we will have two undefeated teams for the first time ever in NBA history.
Teamwork, and fun.
It's true. North Carolina only had 4 turnovers.
It'll be a good match, unlike the Eastern finals right now.
Maybe this is just who they are. I mean John Wall and Bradley Beal are a great backcourt, but something is missing.
Felt. He is a 6' 4" guard. How can he help?
Now you are making me want to watch the game more now.
Your right, lets just skip ahead to the championship.
100
The problem is beating those teams, proves very little for the exact reason that their ill-equipped to stop what the Cavaliers do.
Well, they do have the best player in the world.
And those are large areas. Carmelo is not someone you can build a team around
Steph Curry is the weakest link. He has no defense and they are gonna treat him like a baby.
Why would he want to do that intentionally, though?
Don't forget the 10 rebounds he got too.
Ha!  That would be good and what everyone really wants to see!
Wow how can he when he is somewhat small for an NBA player.
Leaf and Welsh both had 7 rebounds a piece.
I think the guys are younger so they're friendlier.
Yeah, he was good too.
Yes I agree.  If the Cavaliers win this year, Lebron will cement himself in history as one of the greats of all time.
You're right, it's gonna be a tough one. Even if they win, it will be pretty hard to come back and win 4 in a row.
That's nice! Was there a large point margin?
Can i come by next game and we throw a little party?
I would bet on them to be the next big thing
Yes, that was terrible.
Did you have a point?
Its either that or Cleavland is just that good.
Nah.  He scored like 22 point last game.  There is plenty of life left in him.
Yes, you're right, it was Dwayne Wade from Miami Heat.
I'm thinking Golden State will sweep and move on to the next round.
DO you have a ball here?
Well, it's good to see them fighting again.
Yes.
I don't know but I don't think it will matter.
Hayward had 6 assists for the Jazz.
I would put my money on Cleveland.
You're right, the Celtics and Lakers spent decades tormenting the rest of the league.
UNC Asheville's basketball team.
Yes and no, currently no- but if LA can put a great team together again like they did with Kobe and Shaq, they have a chance.
It doesn't matter, Golden State has too many shooters.
Yes there is some pride and geographical or logistics involved that is meaningful.
But in the playoffs they played a bit mediocre
Yeah, it does.  Was your brother any good?
Thats interesting
I think Cleveland was a fluke in the Championship last year.  So I have Golden State
Good for them but bad for basketball and its competitiveness.
Yes, because the five players better than him aren't strong shooters or play positions they don't need.
I guess you could make the argument.
Who do you think wins?
You could see the direction they were headed though in the beginning of the season.
But I heard he IS named after the Pistons' Isaiah. I think because his father lost a bet or something like that, and then his mother changed the spelling.
Wilt scored 100 points in a game.
Yea, he is in a big way, but I don't know if he will live up to it.
I definitely will be keeping an eye on them
Okay it lacks the flashy offensive plays that make highlight reels.
Sort of.  I mean I don't expect buzzer beaters every game but all the games seem to be one sided, no matter who wins.
Yeah if they can get some three point shooters they can open up the lanes more
I am going to watch all the games though
Yes, whites are generally more attractive and smarter than blacks.
So how many points did he end up with?
Even Warriors best bench players are outperforming much of San Antonio's lineup.
I like a lot of action.
True. Without him, they would not even make the playoffs.
Showalter led the team with 7 rebounds.
I think this would be the best bet for the league.
Have you been keeping up on the NBA playoffs this year?
I know. I enjoyed the replays.
Yeah I can see that, but it seems too early to give up on Russell
But at least they made it that for to the playoffs most teams do not make it quite that far
Are you looking forward to the draft?
Yeah nothing was getting past D
Thats what I read this morning, I guess ankle injuries are pretty serious so it would be easy to do further damage if he plays too soon.
Wow, I can't beleive anotehr player of theirs was taken out due to injury.
I hope both of them end up 12-0 when the finals start.
It just going to be hard to overcome all of that talent
And he had 30 points and 10  assists in the second half.
Trier had 9 rebounds for Arizona.
Not sure how you overcome that.
They aren't sure.
I wonder how they'd be doing if they had Isaiah Thomas healthy
Yeah, why should the team who won the championship even have a chance at the no. 1 pick?
I think they won the 2007 NBA finals against the Cavaliers.
Briscoe had 8 assists for Kentucky.
But anyway, I don't know. we'll see if the Cavaliers have a plan this year.
Yeah, I hard-fouled him a lot. I also just wasn't very good, despite my mom's assertions.
I didn't understand that move at all
I didn't expect them to have first pick with those odds.
When I first heard the news I thought he was just retiring.
Walt Frazier, his domaence is so under rated.
They don't have Kawhi or Parker. They won't be doing anything this year unfortunately
Like, they should forfeit the entire series.
For sure. But they will definitely be a fun team to watch next year
Not kidding. When LaBron plays like this, he's just a force of nature.
Wow, it's been a while since bball has been going on in the Garden still this late in the season.
Yeah, he was so hated for a while.
Not when stuff like this happens.
I think Brogdon is going to win but Embid will make it close.
What you mean bro?
Ah, nice try, Boston.
Lets just say Kawhi and call it a day.
Where do they play?
Most of the time yeah they are not interesting.
I know I love it...right of passage through hatred haha.
on to the playoffs, i am disappointed in how my celtics have played against cleveland, but just between you and me, i'm not surprised.  i felt going in that cleveland is the better team, by a wide margin.
Exactly! This seems like practice for the Cavs
Wow what did that offense look like?
I know, he is probably one of the 5 best players ever.
Why not? One guy jumps up and dunks on top of another. It's humiliating.
It's shocking to see what younger kids are into and how influenced they are by social media.
Yea, hes a good player.
Yeah that's true. Do you think they're going to win the tournament?
Harden led the team with 28 points.
Miami
He did not do it for long enough in my opinion
Did someone else get injured?
WELL AT LEAST WE HAVE THE FINALS TO LOOK FORWARD TO. WHO DO YOU LIKE IN THE FINALS?
Your right, Spread the talent around create parity and make the NBA competitive.
I mean almost their entire starting lineup will be in the hall of fame one day
Yes, I remember that!
Too bad for Boston that they lost the games where they had home court advantage.
Why?
How about the Baltimore Orioles in the American league.  What do you think about how they are playing?
Lavar keeps running his mouth to know end and last I checked he never won a NCAA Title, NBA title or was a NBA All Star.
I sort of believe that.
You really don't think the Cavs are all that good!
At the same time, I played alot of basketball and became a good player myself. I was an all-star.
I still don't think they can slow LeBron down, the guy is just too good.
There's is something that I'd love to have, but to purchase a season pass, I'm hesitant and unsure how many games I'd actually be able to attend.
Why not?
Baseball doesnt have the problem
That's what happens when Isaiah Thomas gets injured and he's the one you count on most.
I'm guessing Fultz goes #1 to Celts, especially with Isaiah Thomas' injury this postseason.
Yeah, he's a monster.
I do, but he really needs to show us fans something this year!
Will you come to the game with me tonight? It is my old high school.
How many games and how many points?
I got you. Do you know how many rebounds both teams had?
Hopefully, the Wizards can pick up a few guys in the offseason to help John Wall.
Do you think they are better from it?
Do you think Curry would be a different player if he didn't stay in college?
I thought he would be a little bit better than he is but maybe he needs more time.
What is there to like about a selfish player like him?
Absolutely not. its their first game home.
I just don't know, it comes down to fit. Al Horford hasn't been what they paid for
Did Lebron get snubbed?
Yes good, but not great
To me, it looks like he just doesn't have the confidence.
I did and that is one of the main reasons they lost the game.
Great news, time for a trademark change (unless France exits from the European Union): Gonzaga EUniversity Basketball, or Gonzaga UNiversity Basketball.
Yeah, it doesn't look like there will be much competition from the Spurs
Well for a guy with no other options it was par for the course.
Everyone knows about Dr. J, but do you know his real name?
That is true. He does go a long way. But can he beat an overall better team like the Warriors?
I believe that Golden State will sweep.
One of the Spurs' rookie players named Murray is coming along.
What do you think of the Clippers?
Another team that once was so great and now are mediocre.
They won with 40 points difference, what kind of results, right?
Ok, well Lebron has a jump shot.
You better turn the game on and watch then because you will see
That's true. But I think the Cavs will repeat this year.
Honestly? I think it comes down to work ethic and competitive spirit. I just think the bottom teams are lazy.
Still, I think they're off to a great start after tanking 3 years ago, and they have all th ose draft picks including #1.
Whatever the case is, the Warriors are really good!
OK cool.  I used to watch the Bulls back in the day.
I'm a big Booker fan from the Suns.
Surely they know he's not on the same level as a James Harden or Russell Westbrook!
He's a machine. People are saying he could play like this until he's 40.
Well, the Spurs had some bad injury luck too.
What? HOW?
Yeah I know.  It was close though.
What do you think about the GSW and SAS game?
Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant are superstars. They score are selfless and team players.
Ooh. That bad, huh.
Yeah he cannot be stopped
LeBron is so valuable to his team.
Did you see the Cavs bench having fun before the halftime on every shot.
I see. Who led Purdue in rebounding?
For some reason if he and another player jumped at the same time, he seemed to stay up in the air longer and it gave him an advantage.
No they could not.
No, my family is used to me getting excited when I am watching basketball.
Nice job, Boston!  Another 3-pointer.
Who did he play for? Was he any good?
Maybe. I really like the way Curry plays.
This year we got number 4.
I know this is wrong, but maybe if LeBron got hurt, it would be a series.
Yeah I think he was scared that he would never get a championship in his career
So we overvalue home court?
I'm just happy watching the Rockets do their thing, I'll get back to the Wizards eventually.
Yeah, this just feels like a repeat of last year.
I agree too much pride. Can you take them down though.
The Laker game was super great.
Well that's the next step in their maturity process
Gotta have faith in your team it's only five points
Plus they have the Nets pick next year.
Will Cleveland beat the Boston Celtics to make it to the NBA finals?
Wow, that's pretty mean-spirited.
Who was the Wizards' leading rebounder?
Did you get out to any games this year.
How many points total did Durant score the entire game?
How does the media actually vote?
huh, what do you mean how much have i made, like personally?
So who do you got anyway? Cavs or Warriors?
Teams are always searching for shooters.
Yes that is correct.
Back to exploding teams - what about Toronto?
Well yeah, the Spurs have been at least a decent NBA team for the past 20 years. They've won like 4-5 championships in that time or something like that.
It seems like it. They want to win.
I'm guessing we can get ready for a Golden State versus Cleveland finals again.
But he is still effective in scoring points.
Exactly, now hes out to prove his worth.
Same. I'm not much of a fan of one-and-done players.
He's 7'8. He can reach the basket just standing.
Durant is also a free agent.
I think Kemba Walker has really been doing well.
He has still been involved with the team throughout his illness though.
Yeah, I've seen him, that guy is TALL, even for a basketball player.
Let's be realistic. They are Eastern Conference All-Stars.
I think that Fultz guy will go first.
It'll be UConn, Stanford, Notre Dame, or South Carolina.
Other leagues do not have to worry about tanking  without having a lottery.
Oh my goodness. Is that some kind of record
Yes, I think so.
He willed his team to win.
Yeah Lowry seems to fall apart in the big moments. I don't trust this team
So?
Which player had the most rebounds for the Raptors?
Do you think Lebron is still the best player in the league?
Steve is a good man.  He would make a great President, unlike that clown we have now.
Of course man, that would be so much fun!
I can't wait to see the series final when they play the Cleveland Cavaliers again this year.
He doesnt have that much worth anyway
Bradley has been a bit off as well.
Who do you think will end up in the finals?
What if we get Lowry. Then will you believe?
On the flip side, the Warriors got 33 points from their star player Durant.
That's why I like Steph Curry. He has a great sense of humor.
Who scored the highest during the 2010 - 2011 season?
It is at 8'Clock, I can drive.
I sure do.  I am a 2K fanatic.
Fine, they're not the Celtics.  But the Spurs have had a good season!
Fine them if they sit out games?
What was Curry's stats for game 3?
To make it worse the Knicks got the rebound threw it up the floor and got a 4 point play from a 3 in the corner.
Hard to believe Boston was a number 1 seed.
Who led Villanova in assists?
Did Jordan play for the Wizards?
Yeah, but he gets tired easily and I don't think he knows the defensive rotations that well.
I haven't. Too far to drive down and back for a game. Evan goes to the games when he remembers to get tickets.
And?
Taken out of the game, I hope you mean. His family received death threats over it.
I am excited to see how LeBron handles the Big Four from Golden State.
Good points.
How many turnovers did Gonzaga have?
Yeah, the Celtics are getting embarrassed.
You mean as it relates to their chemistry?
His arms are really long.Although a streaky shooter, he can ball!
It is all thanks to Lebron he is the mighty hand of the Cavs.
Do you watch NBA Inside tonight?
What team won the 1956-57 championship?
Defense is not something you can turn a switch on. If Cleveland could defend better they would out of pride than to finish in the bottom quarter.
Yea, that helps a little bit, but Kyrie doesn't hurt either.
Maybe. But I like to see him around a different supporting cast..
You see all the open shots Boston had? Do you think Golden State will miss those shots?
The Spurs were winning and Leonard is their best player.
I think injuries were what got the Spurs.
I really wish Kawhi Leonard hadn't gotten hurt.  They could have made it a series.
He does it with his shooting.
Who led Kentucky in rebounding?
How many games have you attended this year.
Remember how Jordan could dunk from the free throw line?
That's true.  Lebron is the best player in the league right now and has been for awhile.
Yeah, the Warriors are up 3-0 in the series, aren't they?
Not really, Magic was at 110 and Lakers was at 104.
I might do that it would be awesome to have a ball game party.
Will Brett Brown be coaching them?
I like the Cavaliers chances.
Well, I saw AI on TV and was just remembering the finals.
You mean Lebron is just that good.
Are the Thunder and Bulls ever going to play again?
I was wondering if you remember who their coach was?
When's the next game?
I have the one from Dave and Buster's.
Yeah.  I've been seeing plenty of fouls tonight.
Hm. that's a tough one. We have to see who's most likely to last as long as Jabbar did
True, I guess we'll see tonight!
Which Warriors player got the most rebounds?
I watched some of the Cleveland game the other night and I was just shocked to see how much James gets away with on the court.
Exactly, let these two teams enjoy their time in the spotlight, it will be short lived.
Wasn't he also an assistant coach at NCSU?
Do you think Lebron will eventually pass Abdul-Jabbar?
Kevin Durant cannot guard LeBron.
I wish every player had to do that.
They really did. I mean they got passed the Thunder, but not in typical Rockets fashion.
Yes, he was.  Won quite a few games, went to state.
Yeah so they are gonna end up losing both for no compensation
Yeah me too.  Plus I just can't stand LeBron.
At Least we can hope for a great championship matchup.
It's a shame they didn't get one of the top two picks. Those guys would be perfect for their team.
Think the Cavs can give them a run for their money in the Finals?
If if was a betting man id say the warriors but I really want the cavs to win
They are still relying on Nowitzki.
I got interested in the NBA again last year when I saw Seth Curry making so many 3 pointers. I would tune in just to see how many he made.
Players today are really more athletic, and defenses are alot better.
We'll you never know with these guys. You just cant.
Plus they play in the weak Eastern Conference they should be able to gain on the other teams
Yes that is exactly correct.
Yeah, you're right, things have been a little boring so far.
For sure. This could be a dangerous team going forward
Who is better, LeBron or Curry
White people invented basketball, why aren't they the best in it?
33. That 16 was during the third quarter.
Think they miss Duncan?
Yes, but sometimes they go too far.
Do you think the Kevin Durant trade was good?
On the other side, who had the most rebounds for Florida?
Players wont want to go overseas for that long.
Yes, These games haven't even been close.
Because of the athleticism, right?
Unless they decide that he can be their full-time shooting guard
I guess your right with that fact
Absolutely, it is one of my favorite events of the year.
I think Pen is going to have a good strong gave and will play hard
Oh my gosh thats terrible! What are they going to do without Tony and Kawai?
They had to take him off the court in a wheel chair
Its going to be a great finals if both of those teams make it.
Yeah I think the Warriors are just too good
No one on the Spurs could guard him.
Wow, that is pretty good for a guard.
Its going to be a long rebuild for them.
Sounds like Kevin Durant is a beast.
I think Cavs would still take it but it would have been a little more competitive
That's awful. If you win the title, and your players are locked up in contracts, you shouldn't get any first-or second round picks.
Was Tony Parker the MVP for the 2007 NBA season?
Who had the most rebounds for Carolina?
I know they got Williams now. That's the only thing I see that could be a game changer for them.
Yeah, parents are dumb and don't see truth a lot.
That's what I'm saying this organization didn't know whether to blow this team up or to try and win games
The Nets will make two first-round selections at picks 22 and 27.
So did I!
Do you think they should do away with the 1 and done rule?
So it looks like we will have 2 teams sweep their way into the finals
Come on, you know they'll come back to win at least one more.
Indeed. The western conference is so competitive it's still going to be hard for them to improve
I know I'm not getting in his way.
Tell me about it! Why haven't you been watching since the 90s?
Also, the fact that he's just getting better.
I mean Kristaps fell to them and they are bungling that.
Who is your Defensive Player of the year ?
Well they traded richards and are literally shooting themselves in the foot i do not get why.
Okay, they have possession again.
That would be fun, but he just isn't quite there yet.
They usually play at Target Center, but this year they are playing at Xcel because Target Center is being remodeled.
I find them to be rather on sided and it just bores me to tears
Who do you think the Wolves and the Mavericks will take?
and now the series shifts to cleveland so it's obvious that they pretty much have the series in the bag.
So that they can get ready for the real series against the Warriors
It was mostly him taking it one on one.
As good as they played, do you think they can beat the Warriors.
It's too much showmanship, and it's unnecessary. There are other ways to get two points that don't involve putting someone's head between your legs.
So what team are you rooting for?
Interesting. That sounds like a win for the Sixers.
I always have UNC down to win the NCAA!
Who was the leading scorer for the Spurs?
What was the original name of the ABA (American Basketball Assocation) Denver Nuggets?
I guess I can see that viewpoint
Yeah, Kwhai Leanard has been injured ever since he was stepped on in game 1.
I'M A WARRIOR FAN SO OF COURSE I'M GOING WITH MY MAN CURRY.
The thing that kills me is that Cleveland fans forgets that Lebron abandon them to win a ring with another team.
When you look at that roster, it is so unfair
He wasn't quite as good as he was for the Bulls, but he still had some of his game.
That was their best shot and unfortunately they blew it.
Well, let's say Duke pays The Citadel $250k to lose at Duke.
The Orioles are definitely turning some heads this season.  I am not sure they can keep it up at their current pace.
Right...100% Great athletes surround themselves around other great athletes
But I think the playoffs this year are an abberation.
It's not that. It's just that the Cavs are up 2-0 while Golden State are up 3-0 over the Spurs and it's easier to overcome a two game deficit than a three-game hole.
I was really good in junior high. But by the time high school rolled around I had lost my motivation  a bit.
Probably not but now he will have to guard Durant which will wear him down.
I hear ya, if you know that more than likely you will not be able to attend over half the games, then it wouldn't be feasible to have season tickets.
You should like the school, the players, the coach, etc
They had it for years
I heard he's out for the rest of the playoffs.
Oh I have no doubt.  Will be a force for the Celts.
Took a while to get him going though.
What are your expectations for next year to be a success.
Sure, I like watching high school basketball.
Jabbar played 1560 games and scored 38387 points.
Yes, South Carolina had 36 rebounds and Gonzaga had 41 rebounds.
Yep.  Isaiah Thomas has plenty of help on the court.
Have you seen them play? It sure looks like it.
I think he IS the player he is because he stayed, no he won't have the lifetime stats in the NBA but his NCAA experience has helped him so much.
You could be right, but when I see him play I just don't see it.
I wouldn't go that far.  And yes I think it is fair to say Jordan is the best NBA player to ever play the sport.
Oh, this might not be good.
This is why I think Fultz is the best option
Yeah, but I think he's at the point that he cares much more about the NBA Championship.
And that's the dilemma. They went from thinking Derrick Rose was their franchise player to now Jimmy
I agree.
The Cavs also shut down the Celtics' star player.
Congrats!
Remember when the Spurs were great?
Could Oscar Robertson do that in todays NBA?
Julius irving
He did last year. And I don't see why he can't repeat.
Certainly looks like it. The injuries and lack of consistency are hurting the Spurs.
I saw him. He played pretty decent.
They are unfortunate.
I doubt they ever come back to where they were with Jordan.
I now lead 2-0 in the series.
But so does Jordan.
I will turn the game on then you know the time it will air.
It's possible. Whoever wins, it's sure to be a great series.
Really? I think it comes down to having start players and proper coaching staff.
Wow really?  That is crazy.
Thats for sure. Are you hoping they get taken down?
Oh yeah, Michael's hay day was awesome.
Yeah, he wants to be on the Suns forever.
No doubt, but it doesn't mean they won't act like they don't know. They might take a developing player, but they're not going to accept a medire one.
I think he'll retire the moment he notices himself slowing down.
Yeah, nothing you can do about that.
Well, despite MSU's down year (which was due to injuries), they only had three sub-.500 teams this eyar.
What was the final score?
Oh GSW for sure.  They are already up 3 games
That is true. They are awfully talented and guys like JaVale McGee are having career years.
Yup. And wasting most of their money on a well-known player who's now past his prime.
He's starting to remind me of Jordan
That does not make him the best player
Haha yes, but did you see J.R. Smith's last shot ?
Swanigan was able to get 7 rebounds for Purdue.
Oh. I didn't realize that, but he was fun to watch. My favorite was Magic Johnson.
They did keep his points down after that game.
Are there any games on tonight?
They're fighting again.  Good.  They need to.
This dude was 5'3. He literally looked like a midget or a hobbit next to other players. It was ridiculous. And yes, he was actually pretty good.
Ugh. I think he's nothing but a showoff.
Yeah and the Celtics and Lakers magically got the top 2.
Don't wish that on anyone,... bad karma!!
Yeah. Very weak on his part. He could have carved a legacy had he won with the thunder
I think so.
I understand I'm the same way with a few of these teams.
I think Golden State might win it though.
Not by himself no.
Right? Did you see that three point shot?
They have to start slowing other teams down.
You are correct just slightly nervous you get me
Yeah so this is looking like its going to work out for everyone.
Yes, they should be able to beat them easily.
Well I just thought it was pathetic for people to care that much about a basketball player.
Morris, Porter, and Gortat each had 10 rebounds a piece for the Wizards.
Only a couple. Ticket prices along with parking are really a lot of money
33 points I think
They use points awarded on a 5-3-1 basis.
yes, your actual personal monetary benefit from so called 'support' of the cavaliers?
Oh, Warriors for sure. Kevin Love won't show up for the finals.
I think the Sixers are example one of that.
What did he do in the game?
Tough question. This team can't make the finals if Lebron is around. Is that good enough?
Yeah, they're great. They have a great coach and have been really good about managing personnel.
Yea, true, but whatever happened to doing it without teaming with others.
I would say there is no doubt about that.
How many points does he usually score?
I get what you're saying.
I think it takes some of the purity out of the game.
Yep. Saw him dunk once. It was hilarious to watch
Yeah, but he isn't going anywhere and I see him retiring as a Warrior.
Did you see the game with the Nuggets?
Yeah, it's not like he's been completely gone, he's been working with them by phone.
Yeah, I believe he's like six foot nine or so.
That is very true. There is a big competitive gap between teams from the Eastern Conference and teams from the Western Conference.
What team do you think will get better?
Every year?
Yeah but I think its easier to do in basketball.
Sure is. Largest margin of defeat
Where would Avery Bradley go?
For real...he was not to be denied.
Neither do I. They just seem to shrink against the big teams.
Well, with the exception of UConn, no one has done well on the national stage. They play well, then bomb in the tournament.
PJ Tucker led the team with 12 rebounds.
Of course! When is his next game?
It's nice to have basketball and other sports as a distraction when the country is falling apart.
I'll make sure to do that. I'm really liking Westbrook lately and they're playing the Timberwolves.
It should be an amazing re-match in the finals. Both teams are on their game.
Sure he does, they dont know how to use him.
And even Thomas.
Thats easy, Golden State and Cleveland.
I might. That would be a good pickup, but he wants a lot of money.
Yep, Curry also pitched in a respectable 21 points.
I know, he's always dancing, and doing stuff with and for fans.
I believe it was Kevin Durant from Oklahoma City.
Awesome, come over at 6.
Oh wow, I am as well.
I'm just not feeling that.  I think they got into the Western Conference on a fluke.
You can't do that unless you want to start policing injuries.
He end up 21 points and three 3-pointers.
4 point play?
Cleveland wasnt concerned about seeding.
DiVincenzo led the teams with a paltry 2 assists.
Ya for a season or two.
But I think he's a lot better than Pachulia.
Sweet. It looks so small compared to JPJ.
Even bigger, if a guy gets fouled, then throws a ball up and it goes in, it counts as it's part of the shot.
For real? Look, I'm mad at Zaza but don't take it out on his family.
Yea me to, but Kyrie Irving will play a major factor if the Cavs are to come out on top.
What do you think of the draft?
They had 14 turnovers.
I'm glad. I've hated the Celtics ever since Olynyk ripped Love's arm out of his shoulder in 2015.
Yeah. Like this whole team and organization just seem to be lacking something.
Okay, will that put them in the conversation?
I mean lebron is good without a doubt but..
Yes, those GIFs are the best!
Boston celtics
Actually it kind of is. This is why playoff defense is always improved.
Even the West has no competition though.
I think you would see the same result
There are too many mismatch and they are gonna be so tired after trying to hold defense on Cleveland.
Sure, but that seems a bit farfetched.
Yeah, with Leonard out, they were hurting.
I agree, I don't know why everyone had the Spurs such a big underdog.
How can he get open for a shot so consistently?
Willis had 8 rebounds.
I have been to 10 games this year.
Yes, but I still liked Scottie Pippen's sportsmanship better.
The crazy thing is that he's still got some good years left in him.
They are. They're a tough team to beat!
Well good on the Lakers for almost trying.
I know right it would be cool as i have not watched the playoffs yet it will be exciting
Yes he is a very good coach
Anybody but the Warriors.
What was so interesting about them?
Nah, you got Irving and Love.
I don't know but if they do I have it's in Chicago.  I may be able to get tickets.
I think it was Pat Riley, but I'm not a hundred percent sure.
They play Monday.
I love that ball. It's a good one.
They're scared and fighting hard with the Cavs.
And score at least as much per game as he did.
Can't wait! When's the next game?
Durant had 13 rebounds for the Warriors.
I know. I watched him run over a guy, take six steps, run over a second guy and dunk it with no foul called.
You have a rooting interest this year?
Yes, he coached with Norm Sloan for a while.
Oh yeah, you figure he can hang around for another 8-10 years. He will pass him easily.
You are missing the point.  Golden State has 4 or 5 people on the court at all times that can score.  Cleveland maybe has 3.
Yes that would be funny.
True. They struggled a bit from the outside, but they did find a way to win that series.
Huh, well good for him.
So this team reverts back to the early 90s style?
I actually like him.  I wouldn't say he is the goat, but he is dang good.
Definitely two great teams on a collision course to play each other.
What's ironic is the teams that did get the top two picks don't really need those players on their roster.
Maybe. They're also playing lights out.
I also want the cavs to win and they are on a tear!
At some point they have to move on
He definitely made it entertaining.
Well ok, who do you think is going to win this year?
That is true. Its all a gamble.
All of the team not named the Cavaliers.
Wow that Greg Popavic is amazing.
But the Warriors-Cavs final should change all that.
Yeah either that or this blows up in their face
I still like LeBron but Curry is more subtle
Because whites are better at things requiring high IQ.
I saw the recap on the news. The Warriors are about to sweep the Spurs.
No, hes too old anyway
Did you see how tall those players were?
Well, it has certainly worked out so far.
Leon had 8 rebounds for Florida.
Then the college game is geting even better.
The Cavaliers and Warriors have been dismantling teams left and right.
See, you get me.
I don't know if I see that out of him.
Only a select number of teams makes it far
I really like Lonzo Ball despite his dad.
I agree he looked a little limp last night
So I guess you didnt hear about David Lee either?
I am sure he was pretty ticked.
The 3rd straight year of it being Cleveland and Golden state.
In the end they will wear down Lebron James
What do you think are the Spurs chances of winning the series?
Yea, I think he did everything he could to help his team.
Do you think theyll weather the storm?
Yeah he scored 33 points the other night.
I guess we will never know
I agree--maybe make the first round exclusive to teams who were below .400 for two or more years.
Yes, you're right, Tony Parker was the MVP of the 2007 NBA season.
Meeks had an astounding 17 rebounds.
Korver isn't shooting 3's as well as he used to.
So why did you quit?
They went out and got Dwight Howard last year, I'm sure he doesn't want to be a part of a rebuilding project.
Good for them I guess.
He is not ready to retire.
Yes, I think its hurting the college game more than its helping the NBA.
Yea, it'll be a Golden State versus Cleveland finals, yet again
No, I don't. You lose by 50, you're done, and should be out of the playoffs for years.
Yeah I mean everyone in the West seems to get better every year.
Can you imagine taking a charge from him when he's got a head of steam up?
They were great then. When they ha Larry Bird. I've kinda lost hope since then.
What do you mean?
I think the Anthony situation did alot of damage.
Leonard by far, I still hate to think about him and what happened with his ankle. It would be a different series.
I can agree he was their top scoring player  and they are just going down with this.
And they blew it with that air ball.
Na, not yet, but he could be soon.
Target Center is a way better place to watch a basketball game.
I know the other team has to put up a fight and score
I dunno...who finished their freshman year at Kentucky this year? haha
yes; i'm going to have to settle for knowing that the celtics had the best record in the conference in the regular season; but as far as the playoffs, they don't appear to be anywhere in the class of the cavs.
I agree with you. This was fine tuning for the Cavs
Every play?
I don't know, if they keep playing like that, they have a good chance.
So, what's yours?
I'd like to see Lebron win again - but I don't really care about the team. What about you?
Hinkie does it again.  The guy is good.
Me too, but we will see this year. It always scares me!
Simmons led the team with 17 points.
Denver rockets
Can Embiid stay healhy?
Oh man, that's not good.  He  is there best player.
HAHA I THINK LEBRON WILL HAVE ANOTHER GREAT SERIES LIKE LAST YEAR.
Jordan, Kobe, Duncan, Pierce NEVER abandon their teams to win a title..THEY played against the BEST because they wanted to be known as the BEST.
I mean this team was good before they added Durant
What is Jordan up to these days?
I hate to say it but I think Cleveland will sweep.
Duke pays The Citadel $250k to lose at Duke.
I have to agree, they have definitely played well at the beginning of the season with the second best record in all of baseball.
King James passes Shaq for third in field goals made in the playoffs!
In what sense?
I get that. I would love to see the Warriors lose four straight, though.
I was out of shape and gained some weight. But I continued to play in high school.
True, in previous years they didn't have to worry about Harrison Barnes offensively. But Durant is one of the best in the league.
You are so correct on that call.
I don't know anything about the players anymore but I used to!
But they still have no cap with no problem
The Celts are DONE.
Then I guess the Lakers take Lonzo Ball, but I could see them passing.
You think Zha Zha did it on purpose?
I feel that we should not only be in the payoffs next year, but at least a top 5 seed.
Who do you think is going to win the NBA finals?
So that's about 24 points per game
I see, so Gonzaga had a sleight edge in rebounds.
It is too bad Isaiah Thomas got injured.
Yea, I just haven't seen them play against any elite talent.
Best big man of all time?
Keep in mind he did deal with some injuries. I think he deserves a little more time
I think it's more than fair.
I am gonna call this a 35 point game win easy.
He is the one guy that looks like a superstar in the draft
Should the 76ers trade down?
I think he needs a superstar to play with for this to work out
He sure isn't a Tim Duncan.
Yes, Thomas only finished with only 2 points.
My first thought?
Yeah, very underrated team since 1999
Probably  could still do it.
Who was the player who led the BAA in scoring in the league's very first season?
Okay, that makes sense to me. What would LeBron and the Cavs need to do to win.
It looks like it will be a rematch between Golden State and Cleveland in the Finals.
That's correct. He gave them a decent 8 points and also 6 assists.
Yeah, I think they care more about clubs than they do basketball.
We need more basketball stars. More big names, more big talent.
Two more victories and enter the finals.
But Lebron has years to play.
It will be airing on TBS at around seven is the time you should check it.
I think it was smart of LeBron to leave Miami and come back to Cleveland.
I can see why you'd think that but it just limits teams that don't have those things. I feelt if you work hard enough you can beat top talent.
Its kind of crazy to think about the Lakers aren't in the playoffs again...i bet LA is pissed.
I sure am! I would even prefer Lebron over them.
Him, Pippin, Armstrong and Rodman.  Classic.
The finals will be good though.
Do you think Melo definitely wants out?
I agree. He won't be able to mentally handle not being the best in the world.
Do you think both teams will sweep?
So?
I think it was like 78-75 or something like that.
Yeah, you are probably right.
If and when the Dubs win this series how do you feel they will do against the Cavaliers?
But isn't paying for well-known players pretty common?
How is that?
Theres no way they survive without him though.
Oh, that was a beauty. And they got the record for biggest half-time lead with that shot.
Okay, who was Kansas' leading rebounder?
I know, he just had a way of controlling the whole game.
Yes they did but; It made it hard for them to gaurd other guys with some much put on gaurding him.
Yes, the Bulls are playing the New York team tonight.
Absolutely.  The Cavs are great, but sometimes you want someone else to win.
Imean even for a normal average person, 5'3 is pretty short.
Why do you think that?
I bet the draft is rigged.
I wasn't wishing it on anyone, I was just speculating!
In golden state he's just a piece of the puzzle
Thats pretty different.
I'm really happy with the way Harden and Gordon have been working together.
Maybe. LeBron is still playing like he's in his 20s though.
It would take a great series by Kyrie.
KD looked tired last night, but still scored the most points.
I think they also need a couple of guys who can shoot the three
Yeah I get you but hopefully they score again
What if they dont trade it.
Could Cleveland win if Kyrie Irving wasn't on the team?
I get it. It seems like some people took it too personally.
That is interesting. Who was the top assist player for the Celtics?
A friend gave me tickets to a Bulls game.
He also had 10 rebounds
How many points did Harden average?
i don't understand what you mean, how do i make money watching someone else do something?
Wow, you think so? I thought he was decent last year. I'm more worried about Durant.
Yeah they need a scorer but more importantly a scoring guard
He moves so well.
Even further, can it last much longer. Lowry is older.
I'm a fan of the Charlotte Hornets, who aren't very good and haven't been for a while, so it's hard for me to get excited about it.
Well, it takes a team to win.
Draymond Green is probably my least favorite player in the history of the NBA.
I'm not sure, around 30 per game.
So I think that will almost ensure he wins and his team wins.
Some schools are just player mills to produce professionals.
Doesn't even have to jump that high to dunk
Who is the best pure shooter in the NBA?
On ESPN they said he reached 8,000 career points so far in that game.
Bob Meyers confirmed his plans to travel with the team on the radio, so it must be true.
Well, could definitely catch some rebounds.
There is almost no comparison.
The Timberwolves will hopefully get better.
Close enough. Since 2000, UConn has won 10 champsionships.
I think the NBA is ripe for tanking to be honest.
Wow. I wonder what all of the old Boston alum are thinking
Look to trade him.
He did really well in Miami.
Especially Cleveland. They always wet the bed against them.
Yeah, that's true, Their non-conference schedules are weak as well.
Which Cavs' player got the most rebounds for that team?
Do you think KD is incompetent?
Hey, what about a pick-up game this afternoon. Are you up for that?  I need some exercise.
Are they from Minnesota?
Lebron is such a super star. They have a great bench too for backup.
Thats crazy, I thought he was a good player at Duke.
Tristan Thompson has been killing them on the glass early on as well.
Who do you think will win between Golden State and the Cavs.
Hes coming off his best year at age 31. Give him the money.
Did you know Durant also had 10 rebounds?
Not so happy with the wife though.  HaHa
Did the Cavaliers win the 2016 NBA title?
Yeah I will. It is going to be a great game.
That's hilarious. I spent over $600 on VC for NBA2K.
They're second in their division!  They beat the Rockets, Clippers..
What about refunding fans who go to games where stars don't play?
How many points did Rick Barry have before Curry passed him in game three?
Yeah dude where you get fouled on a 3 and make it.
So they could have been 8th and survived.
Wow, that probably explains why they lost the game.
Was he old then?
What about Pachulia and hurting Leonard's ankle--did you think it was a dirty play?
Are there any other teams you follow?
Yeah, it is.
Yeah. Him missing games two and three pretty much wrecked the Spurs chances.
Even though this is LeBron's seventh straight finals, I feel this will be his most challenging one yet.
Nothing, it's pretty pointless to care about who the Lakers get.
Do you know how many rebounds Carolina had?
You know he didn't do that on purpose!
I think that something maybe heart.
Against Cleveland?, ..no way! But he is a good piece. Crowder should be traded.I see his limitations.
But what? he is the reason the team is succeeding.
I'm not sure who is getting blown out worse: Celtics or Spurs??
Between 1989 and 1998, how many different players won the NBA's rebounding title?
The problem is, teams with more talent, tend to have worse execution during the season, so when the playoffs come, they seem to turn it up a notch when in reality, they are just focused.
What am I gonna watch? The spurs lose by 40?
Maybe. Maybe not. I think Carmelo has been dogged so much about Phil Jackson that he's been tainted.
How much you want to bet?
Not in the playoffs. Players will do anything to win.
Popovich said Leonard wasn't playing but I wasn't sure.
Well, it's not quite the same Spurs team from a few years ago.  But it's still the Spurs!
He is really quick.
Wow, I wouldn't expect that from Willis.
Is watching basketball more fun than playing?
I think when Jordan decided to play baseball it was because he got caught betting on games.
That's the advantage he had coming straight outta high school.
Durant and Curry are pretty unstoppable!
Yeah, I agree. Are you going to watch the game next week?
What all would you want to do?
And who will there star be
I know. I can't stand the Warriors.
Well, when the Sixers won, it was by just a couple of points. But their losses were blowouts.
Yeah, yeah..I know.
I can't believe Curry fouled out.  He never does that!
Did the Celtics win the 2009 or the 2008 NBA finals?
If they sweep on Monday, it'll be the third straight sweep by the Warriors.
A good ball makes dribbling easier.
Yep, and now they're up by 1 again.
Yep.
Golden State plays San Antonio on Monday.
Conversely, which player on the Jazz had the most rebounds?
Have you heard anything about the growth hormone James is supposedly taking?
I'm torn, it's the best player versus the best team.
NCSU had a good basketball team during that era, right?
What do you think are two things that SHOULD be considered when picking the MVP?
You think that will be the difference?
It would certainly change things.
The most disappointing part of the playoffs was the Spurs series.
He still plays, you know, pick-up games and with his friends.
I dont think it will ever be that bad.
I don't doubt his talents.  It is his flopping and constant complaining.
Great story lines between these two teams that are about to butt heads.
The Celtics and Lakers both need big men in a draft that's top heavy with point guards.
It should be interesting. Lebron is an amazing player.
yeah they are!
I just dont see them doing that ever
I guess it will be Golden State and the Cavaliers again this year in the finals.
It's going to be the Cavs, Lebron is the best player in the league right now.
Yea, thats why its called a draft.
Yeah you are right about that. Maybe they can move up to the 3rd or 4th seed.
Yes he runs a defensive powerhouse.
I hope so, I like watching playoff basketball.  Who do you think is going to win?
I think these guys will play even better together next year
i think he is a better leader on the team
Why are blacks low IQ?
It looks that way. It's a bit disappointing, though.
How about Parker
Yes, some are over 7 feet tall.
I think the Warriors would win the championship even without him.
Which player got the most assists for Wisconsin?
It would build rivalries in NCAA again.
I don't think either of them have even dropped a game yet this postseason.
I'm just really happy the Clippers are doing well this season.
Yeah me too, but he has to either play the one or two
True as their is over double the teams for the playoffs that do not make it.
I'm more a fan of the players from Kentucky as I root for them in college.
Yeah I think Coach V will really get him up for tomorrows game
No I didn't what happened to Lee?
Kevin Durant was a strong player in this game.
Last year's series was epic.
Yeah I think Kevin Love needs to have a huge series in order for them to have a chance
I don't think they will win the series, I don't know if they will win one game.
Who led Xavier in assists?
No, theyll be bad for years to come
Wow that's amazing.
Well at least the Celtics have the first draft pick
What about teams who intentionally lose?
Who is the owner and president of the LA Lakers?
Wow, that is crazy.
And maybe Williams will make up for that.
I got to the high school level and had stopped growing. You can't play high school basketball at 5'9"
Exactly. When Howard's not happy he can taint a locker room
Guess which team rounded out the bottom.
No he is not. Most of tho other DC tv stations have picked him up for "spot" analisis.
Do you think Paul George will sign with the Lakers?
Yea, we knew that all season long
I don't follow.
With that being said if they can play better on defense this team could leapfrog some others
No way. That's gotta hurt.
They did suck for the past several years.
Like, he's becoming a better basketball player ever single season.
To the coach or who?
Isaiah Thomas spoke too soon when he said The Cavs aren't the "Monstars."
It is honestly just sad to see
Brad Stevens does not look happy.
He quickly took over as the leader of the Spurs.
I completely agree.  I can't wait until they're back there hitting threes!
Otherwise it just ends up one team scoring and just no impact you get what i mean
Hahaha..or Duke...becoming the same thing with them...
and how about those golden state warriors? after their heartbreaking loss in the finals last season, i'm sure they are highly motivated to get revenge on cleveland this time around.
That's why the Celtics should have made some deals during the trade deadline.
Well sometimes he would draw more defenders and dish.
The Warriors just have so much talent.
I like the three-pointer that absolutely kills a rally.
I don't care about the tournament as much, but it is interesting to see him win and win again.
Talk to me when the Sixers start winning.
Yeah but the team is so strong, no one can stop them.
Who led the Rockets in assists?
How many NBA titles did Magic Johnson win in his career with the Lakers?
I would say no because of his height.
For sure.  Ever since he went down the series has been pretty lopsided.
AS LONG AS IT GOES 7 GAMES I'M COOL WITH IT.
As much as I love the NBA I'm starting to find the games unwatchable. There's just no competition.
Absolutely. Now they are a freaking all star team
He is a part-owner of the Charlotte Hornets, I think?
I don't know, I think Boston still has some life in them.
Very funny, you literalist. Anyway, I love when the lesser school that's paid to lose ... wins.
Yes, and they have one of the hardest rivals in all of baseball.  They have to play the NY Yankees and even if the Yankees record sucks, they will always play the Orioles hard.
It won't be long till he's #1 in all playoff categories.
They havent been competitive at all.
Because you hate Golden State?
It wasn't until my senior year that I made the varisty team. I wore my father's number to honor him.
Im more interested in the Kyrie Irving and Stephen Curry matchup again.
I'm such a huge fan, I make sure that my seating is as close as I can get, third row.
Why do you say that?
Eventually things would work out but it may take 20 years
Better luck next year, guys.
Man, I wouldn't want to deal with the circus that is his dad.
I dunno, I've played defense like that and never got under anyone.
That would be a major step in the right direction for sure.
I dont know who is playing.
More or less.
That is correct.
He got injured??? What happened?
Me either, but they might have to eventually.
Its easy to say Shaq or Jabbar, but you also have to think of others like: Malone, or Ewing....can I pick 3.
Perhaps, but they need way more than what he can offer
Yeah.  With his ability to do everything and his high flying dunks, I agree.
Little Isiah, on the Celtics, may show up tonight.
Draft Fultz, and keep the status quo so he grows in a good environment
Yeah, they are rebuilding and can get a lot more with say 2-3 major picks than just 1.
He is not the type of guy that can lead a team to the promise land
I really miss him.
Wow, how can a team win when their star player plays so poorly.
Defensive length.
Yeah, Tim Duncan was a very good player
So we have it narrowed down, who you giving it to.
Joe fulks
Well, the first order of business is obviously that they need LeBron to play an excellent series.
Third year in a row. The rubber match can settle the score for sure.
He also had 6 rebounds too.
I think they might just play for the money.
Yes, other than Lebron James. Not a fan of his.
I can not wait, it will be a great game, West meets East.
That is right, Jordan is done.
I will try to watch it but i will most likely just listen as i will be busy.
I think so too. He made a lot of fans angry when he left the first time.
I don't agree, I mean sure you can put in a large amount of effort and get better but to beat the real professionals takes more.
They have the Clippers though...
Me too. At least he doesn't have a superteam.
They were great together, that's for sure.
Who do you think will win?
I don't know, but I suspect he'd bolt for a chance to win. His window for a championship is closing.
The guy has believed he's better than his peers since the age of 16. He's not going to accept a smaller role.
Golden State, probably.
Well, Maryland, Purdue, Wisconsin and Michigan were all highly-ranked this year at various points, and pretty much just lost to each other.
Wow that is close.
I know I am.
It will be some series. Probably go seven games.
Probably, but I think there are better team-building strategies.
Teams seem intimidated by him before he even steps on the court
Yeah but hes that way because of his surroundings.
So, who you got in the finals ?
Jackson had 12 rebounds for Kansas.
He did. He was a winner. There's just something about some players. They just have a way of winning no matter what.
That is true.
That should be a good game.  Isn't the New York team in first place at the moment?
Nice pass behind the back by Bradley.
Even for a girl, it's pretty short.
Look at the shots he takes.
Maybe, but I really hope the Suns get it together.
Uh huh sure you were.
I definitely feel like this move is showing a character flaw for Durant
I think thats a pretty good observation.
That makes it easier when the team fits, I forget who's the Center these days do you know?
Yeah, he's really on a mission to win it again this year.
More than that.
Golden State is lucky to have him.
Yeah that would really open this offense even moe
They got the ball now so I'm hoping so
Then theyll have a surge in certain areas relative to the picks.
I don't think so, he's an important guard on the team.
Yes, and it was great when he went down to Miami and won a championship.
Thomas led the team with 12 assists.
That sounds like fun. I've never been to Chicago.
They really came back at the end of the game.
I think it was around 29.1 - which would be a high for him.
exactly, go and do for yourself;  even if that means going to play basketball yourself to at least reap the physical benefits
True, he did kind of disappear when OKC made the finals, but he's much more mature now.
I have seen Embiid throw up 3s
Oh really?
I still don't like DeRozan's game in the post season. And Lowry hasn't been great in the playoffs
Yeah, that's understandable
True, I agree.
Everybody thinks Golden State is going to win it, but I'm not so sure.
That is a lot of points.
Will be interesting to see a third straight finals.
I guess they have a place, but I prefer players who are truly student-athletes.
Nor can he jump very high for that matter.
Thats easy: Curry.
The Hornets were really lucky to get him for sure.
I heard that interview too.
That's for sure.
Yeah, the Cavaliers certainly had an easier road to the Finals than the Warriors.
Wiggins is really good.
Who else has won it all?
So you agree with me?
Yeah, low point in Celtics history
Trade your defense stopper?
Yes he did.
The pacers gave the Cavs more of a challenge then the Raptors did.
So, your choice?
James had the most rebounds with 9.
Yeah, he could have never won a ring on his own.
You know I am!  Can we wait until late afternoon when it's a bit cooler? You know how I sweat like crazy when I play basketball.
Yeah! Their team is really stepping it up lately.
However, the Warriors have Steph, Durant and Green.  This should make this an amazing match-up.
Hasnt translated to the NBA yet
Yes, for sure. Stevens doesn't have much in the way of a response for that available, though.
It will be a great series, probably the best this playoff but the Cavs will definitely win.
I guess but dont go crazy.
I didn't but I did notice that the Warriors turned the ball over 21 times.
I started watching basketball about two years ago, after seeing Curry on the All Star Games.
Yes, the Cavaliers won with a final score of 93 and the Golden state Warriors scored 89.
Yeah, I hope. They need this game for the playoffs.
Haha, my wife hates when the theme music comes on for NBA 2K
Yeah, but they didn't beat the Warriors, did they?
No team will ever do that.
1,776 Curry is sitting at 1,795 .
Oh, right...remember I'm still getting used to the 3 even being a thing as old as I am.
Absolutely they have the best team in the East.
Yes, it was definitely one of the main factors.
Ya he was past his prime.
I don't, but everyone else thinks it was.  Look he's a clumsy guy and stumbled in.  I don't think he has the skill to make that play intentionally.
Sure. I follow Mason and VCU.  I was really bummed when Shaka went to Texas. He was such a great coach.
No, it's not. Unless he's actively shooting with the ball over his head, he's NOT shooting.
Warriors would have to mess up pretty badly at this point, they utterly wrecked us in game three.
I'm with you there, the Warriors might just have too much fire power.
I miss the Michael Jordan days.
They grabbed 46 rebounds.
You would say that...you probably defend Draymond Green kicking all these guys, too. I'm sure that's always an "accident."
You are probably right. They just can't seem to get out of their own way sometimes.
They ALL have limits. They are an excellent team already.It is just that James may be the Greatest of all Time. What can you do?
The whole team is responsible for it because they are a collective whole..
I'm ready to just get the finals started.
3
The Cavs don't have to play great defense to blow out opponents....even average defense will suffice given how easy they put up points.
Yea, that isnt usual for them.
I agree Phil did do some damage, but Melo didn't have the best reputation before.
Anything because Lebron is the man. He's unstoppable and when you try to double team him he's kicking it to Love and the only thing you are going to hear is swish.
I don't think it matters. The Warriors may have lost that game, but they would win the series anyway.
Me too. I was hoping it was just talk.
If Kawhi and Parker were both playing, it could have been really interesting.
And he gets a lot of screens set for him?
Yea, it was his night on the glass.
No, definitely not.
I believe that conspiracy theory as well.
I still don't think he will ever be as good as Jordan though.
You got that right!
Depends who is playing. Who are the teams?
Just make some food and have some drinks and have a good time.
I can see Embiid not being that guy
That Green guy has such an arrogant attitude and there's no sense in it.
Seriously?
You also got Shumpert. He's good as well.
I know, it's like the ref's had him under a microscope.
Celtics were the winners of the 2008 NBA finals and they won against the Lakers.
Yeah, they've had a great playoff run.
Any pointers for me?
And tied again.  This is crazy!
Can Lebron do it?
I wish they would skip to the finals already. It's going to be a great series.
Rudy Gobert had 15 rebounds for the Jazz.
Only that it builds muscle without going to the gym.
I'm siding with the Warriors, basketball is a team sport, I can't stand guys like Lebron James.
Yes, their basketball team was number one for a season.
Individual excellence, a simple best player. And Most impactful.
Absolutely, we'll concede that LeBron will get his points.
The player must have chosen to reside in a particular city to play there.
I agree. I truly believe they should have beaten the Spurs
He must really like it.
Do you have faith in their front office?
Yeah, he is very bad about that.  He would make a great Soccer player!
They both have a chip on their shoulders and this should be fun to watch.
Fultz and Ball are both upgrades over who they have now, but I don't see either team being better the next year.
He sure is. Single handely beat the Celtics himself the other night.
I think it comes down to game 7 and who wants it more between these 2 teams
So he retires on his own terms?
You're right.  If not I would be shocked.
Warriors have 3 of the top 5 players, they'll win.
I agree. Hopefully the top 3 at least are gamers.
That would be a huge improvement from last year
He must be a genius.
Well, LeBron seems like a player of destiny.
They are going to be an unstoppable force
That is a good point, they seem to gel better
Blacks are low IQ due to natural selection.
How come?
He was a great facilitator but I think his time is up too
I wouldn't be able to see past them.
That may be true, but you can never have too many all-stars.
Happ led the team with 4 assists.
I think they always still exist.
I know. Crazy isn't it?
Me too. They've only had a couple losses.
Right, but he doesn't seem entirely comfortable in either position.
Who knows it might not be too late though.
Lonzo sure struggled against them in the tournament.
Yeah I heard a rumor that he has a new strategy for tomorrow,
Well he fell in the first quarter and injured his knee, it looks like he will be out for a while too!
How well did he do?
Yeah when Kyrie hit that shot I lost my mind.
I agree and their bench needs to play well also
So it will be another Warriors/Cavs finals?
Goodin led the team with 6 assists.
Over a decade?
Stephen Curry is rocking it too!
This is true but some are saying they may trade it away
That's a rarity. If in a competitive sport, it's found people intentionally lose, they just flat out shouldn't be paid.
I believe it is Jeanie Marie Buss.
I know, right. Kentucky could not keep him off the boards.
Whatever. I'm just glad Williams didn't end up here in Utah. We were considering trading for him.
Ha, true, unless you can dunk for the show. I was 6'1 when I quit and I wasn't tall enough anymore.
Yeah he's done that before. This is not a good look for the Hawks organization
The Bulls?
Hr still has a great voice!
Last week, no - this week yes....he was snubbed off of the all-nba team.
Well, in the playoffs, some of the first 2 round games were exciteding
Well, in European soccer leagues, if you don't perform at a certain level over time, you're demoted.
Right. They were one of the hottest teams down the stretch last year.
But poor Boston. They were probably feeling pretty good about themselves.
Yeah I'd hear scores hear and there and realized I wasn't msising out on anything.
Yeah, I guess so.
To the organization as a whole
Exactly, he trash talked...hurt his hip and lost by almost 50points.
I agree their is no telling how they will do with a unknown.
Well, he should be happier than he was last time.  At least the gap is only 13 points this time.
Yea, I'll give him that.
Who do you think is their best player?
I get exactly what you mean it is horrible
Its crazy how good players are so early now....I think players at 16 are more NBA ready than 20 years old nowadays.
no doubt.   i think the finals, when they start in about a week, will be, maybe, the most highly watched finals ever because of the rivalry that has developed between Golden State and the cavs.
Yeah if they could have added another star, it could've made a difference
Wow that must have been fun to watch.
With Curry, Green, Thompson, and Durant, they are amazing.
How's that work?
The outspokenness of many of the league stars is shocking to me.
Listen, just trust the process.
That is true, Lawson is such a good point guard
Harden had 12 assists for the Rockets.
Five
Shaq didnt have the problems hes having.
So it'll be rematch of last year's finals then.
ME TOO MAYBE WE CAN PUT A SMALL WAGER ON THE FINALS.
I agree, but I will still continue to watch....I just hope they make some changes.
I couldn't agree with you more
Yes, I think so as well. Why does he work with the Hornets?
I hope you are right, I want to at least see Cleveland challenged.
Ha, that's right. They spent the school's money to buy a win and didn't get it.
Pretty crazy how baseball teams have rivals that always play each other hard.
James stat line....first ever with  240+ points, 50+ rebounds, 50+ assists in first 7 games of Playoff year.
I think thats just the way the NBA is this year.
Less that then the fact that I really like San Antonio.
Even though I did not play much and was not that successful, I still had alot of fun.
Man Kyrie was insane last year. They had no answer for him, and the game winner in game 7 was beautiful.
Wow, that's spectacular.
I like them because I went to UCLA! I dont know anything anymore though
Then they should start the process now
Yeah.  The Cavs are unstoppable right now.
Yep, the kid can ball but what a nightmare.
True, everyone is saying he's a big man but that big man could've taken a step in any direction.
I feel Cousins and Davis are going to be unstoppable as a unit!
Who is your favorite NBA player?
So what happens if we use the points per game metric, who's the greatest?
Can you tell me about field goal shooting?
He has a hip injury.
Well yea, with the Warriors.
Do you think Thomas has been playing with his hip strain for awhile now?
Yeah he is a decent piece but they need star power
Nowadays, so many new and upcoming players are copying Jordan's dunks.
What did I say? There is no possible way.
Agreed. Okay, so how do you see Warriors/Cavs 3?
Out of d James Harden, Russell Westbrook and Kawhi Leonard  who do you think will win?
But you have to pay him max money because you can't lose him.
Me too, ah well, the Spurs have what they have
The only way that can happen is everyone else has to pick up the scoring.
It is now a must.
But he didn't have any flashy moves so wasn't a big highlight guy
I would say Harden.
What was the first team to have both the Slam Dunk contest and Three-point shootout champions in the same year?
Okay, I've got that. But are there any other orders of business?
When does Cleveland play again?
Yep, I think the Spurs will continue to give him more playing time.
Yeah, they always choke at the end.
What team does he play for?
Who should play finale?
Well, do you still like Jordan?
Nah man you gotta see it if you can to catch the fun of it all
He wanted to win a championship and he couldn't do it in Cleveland.
That's what I mean. If you work hard enough in time you will become a start talent yourself and beat others.
I meant like a real team.
Yea, I agree. He actually has to play his best to win.
I don't think that can ever be duplicated.
The Cavaliers.
Where would he go, if he went, do you think?
So when do you think he'll retire
Not Cleveland?
You're saying that they just beat each other up?
Yeah!  So next week the Shiners are playing the Combats at home.
So what about the championship, predictions?
I agree with that. It is particularlly weird because both teams are likely to come into The Finals 12 and 0 which is record breaking.
What would you recommend?
I know it's like they are scared of him
So do the other players make Steph good?
Thats a though one. Both Cavs and Golden State Warriors are too good.
Who led Purdue in assists?
Right. Did you ever play much basketball.
They did not have a cjoice though.
No, they lost last night by a lot to the Lakers.
Yep, he's got his fighting spirit back.
And imagine this guy's playing in the NBA...
Yeah, but he makes a lot of them. He's good
How do we do that?
Who you got in the Spurs / Warriors?
Even if he had went somewhere else, I would have been cool with it.
Yeah you can see where the league is headed no one has an advantage.
Right now it's Nene, I'm reasonably satisfied.
Will you watch the NBA Awards?
You're right. Guys off that bench would have to really show up.
You think our team will make the playoffs?
They are already hard to defend this makes them more dangerous
Their you go!
Oh OK, do they resign Thomas?
Will Draymond Green be able to keep his temper in check?
But then he came back to Cleveland and won one for them as well.
Who had the most assists for the Wizards?
Do you think Porzingas stays in New York.
Where was the game played at I don't remember?
The thing that is crazy to me is who voted for Blake Griffin?
but then what kind of cleveland fan am i, and how would i know of Lebron's highlights?
I'm also interested in seeing if Draymond Green can keep his hot head under control.
I am sure the team hates that
Yes he must have the most perfect body in the world in my opinon.
It's tough because they can't trade anyone besides DeRozan and who would take him?
My college team is the North Carolina Tar Heels, who have had much more success in college than the Hornets have had in the NBA.
Yea, I know what you mean though. Its not natural.
Cleveland obviously has a very good team, and they did win the championship last year.
Ya, and he is not the only star.
I think its great for the NBA
Yeah, I guess it's nice to have both.
What do you mean?
I  think the best fit for Griffin would be the Thunder.
What else can you expect of a team owned by Michael Jordan?
I bet the players are going to be glad to get him back.
Maybe they need a change in strategy.
That, however, gives the Warriors much more experience against high level competition.
I'm a big Suns fan, so hopefully they draft someone good.
South Carolina this year, Baylor, Texas A&M, Maryland, Tennessee, and Notre Dame.
I just think there is not enough talent in NCAA for the entire NBA to take every year.
Well they did make it to the conference finals
You gotta do something to get Fultz into the lineup.
He got to Championchips there.
I know that is embarrassing. That's why I would seriously consider changing the course of this team.
Big Ten for sure.
How many turnovers did the Raptors have?
When is the next playoff game?
Yeah, I remember.  I'll bring a cooler full of ice and drinks.  You bring what's left of your corner jump shot - otherwise you'll get destroyed.
Agreed. Karl Anthony Townes is my favorite player probably.
I'm forecasting that this year the Cavs will take the series 4 games to 2.
But still the talent is there.
Perhaps he should start more energy guys.
What do you think the series will end up being if they both make it?
Add Lowry to that core and you're in the playoffs. No?
Yes, it was a strange game for them.
Oh. Ive been watching for a long while.  I used to like the Heat.
Did Lebron James win the MVP title for the 2015-2016 NBA season?
I think our team will win.
Do you use the Grizzlies on there?
Fine. They didn't beat the Warriors, yet.  We've still got a couple of games to go.
The NBA needs to figure something out. Fans will lose faith in the sport.
The problem the Spurs have is you can't win when you allow the other teams starting 5 to be so dominate.
You're so dumb..anyways..so the Warriors ended up coming back from a 16 point deficit in the 4th...the Knicks looked tired
Just because James is on the roster?
Okay, who led Wisconsin in assists?
Did he play well.
Yeah, he hurt his own player, Durant, by falling into him earlier in the year.
We did go to Richmond to see a VCU vs. Mason game. VCU's fans are rabid.
What is it, then?
They looked pretty chill on the bench at the end there.
Kevin Durant went down once to Lebron in the finals, I have a feeling he is going to play very well.
So do I.
Okay, what about Gonzaga?
Hey, if Green were on your team, you'd like him.
I know watching this team can be frustrating at times
I guess we can reminisce. Larry Bird, DJ< McHale and Parish! Now, that was a team.
I mean they help but they need their star player and he is the star player.
Wait till next year the Bulls are more competitor than them if rondo is not injured it will be a massive match up agains the Cavs.
Who scored the first points of the millennium?
What Cleveland is doing now is impressive, but firstly it is not the norm.
Who can beat Golden State for 48 minutes 4 times out of 7?
Well they drafted Porzingis who seems like a keeper. They probably want to build around him.
The only swish I'll be hearing is the ones coming from the three's from KD Klay, Steph, Draymond, Livingston, Iggy. We got too many weapons.
That may be true. The team is stacked.
Then Lee went down in the first quarter.
Oh well!  What's your prediction for the Finals?
No he actually creates his own shot.
Who led UCLA in assists?
Where do you play basketball?
How come basketball players are allowed to travel in the pros?
I don't know about that.  Lebron has already surpassed and broken many of Jordan's records.
I just don't think the Spurs are going to pull it off, I hate to say.
I heard it's the Magic again versus the Warriors.
Sure sounds sweet man
Because of his health?
Right, cause it's not like hockey where you will get punched for having an attitude like that.
Yeah, AI scored almost 50 and the Sixers won in overtime by 6.
But, that Lebron is a beast.
I think the Knicks should just hang it up.  They can't win for losing.
Was the MVP from Celtics too?
San Antonio has a lot of injuries.
Just keep trying.
2 minutes left!
I'm thinking, if he stays healthy, yes. he's currently behind 9600 points to match Jabbar's record, and he's 499 games behind Jabbar
So you think Cleveland and Golden State?
How many threes did the Warriors make?
I am guessing one of these days the NBA will outlaw such a supplement.
I know, but this is like watching this generations Michael Jordan, we can tell our kids, we saw Lebron dominate the league for years and years.
Then the next season they lost their first basketball game to Wake Forest, right?
Do you think team success should play a bigger part?
What if other Cavaliers are also scoring?
That is an interesting idea.
James Harden did not play well down the stretch
Yeah, he played football and baseball in school, too, but basketball was always his game of choice.
No but Doc Rivers is smart.
No doubt!  All that flopping around.
I am hoping for a 7 game series and most of all I want to see close and competitive games right to the final buzzer.
They'll both be better in the long run, which is what the draft is really about.
What a blowout that game was is.
Yeah I just think that the cavs are a little better and more of a team than the warriors
That and hes probably going to do it in the middle of a season.
Which team would you want to win?
Lebron can take over a game all by himself.
Yea, we will find out in about a month.
It's great to see an organization going in the right direction
Yes, and you should have seen the way Ginobili locked down his defenders.
But the Warriors seem more well rounded.
I would love to see them make the playoffs next year
I think it is a stronger team and that is why it will go perfect
What about asians?
I prefer close games, especially during the playoffs.
Wow could this be the end for the team?
That sure helps with the shots.
What time is the next game?
Conversely, who led Florida's team in assists?
Right but we havent seen a Bird/Magic rivalry in 40 years.
Do you think it's good for the game that they're so dominant?
Do you want to get tickets to their next game?
So maybe they start the beginning of year with Ball at the point and Russell at the 2
You are correct it is only the first half
He certainly did. I think Fox will be a better pro than him too.
I hadn't heard that Yeah what is the new strategy?
So this means we have lost to the Warriors three times in a row, if we lose one more time we are out of the finals!
Kevin scored thirty-three total points in this game.
So did I, I couldn't believe Cleveland came back from the 3-1 Deficit to win that series.
That's the only way they have a shot at this
Yes! for sure. I think the outcome will be different from last year.
Conversely, who was the assist leader for Arizona?
Itll probably take that long.
Oh yeah, how many points did he score?
Did you see how the Mavs tanked at the end of the season
Performance-based pay in the NBA?
Do the Clippers and the Lakers play home games in Staple Center?
Which team had the most turnovers?
I doubt anyone in Utah wants Williams back. But yeah I heard that was a possibility.
I also had a lot of injuries.
It really isn't. No way any team takes on that massive Howard contract though.
No, they're 24th in line.
Not only that but his comments are spot on.
Are you surprised Chris Paul wasn't picked either?
Maybe just the Wizards and Celtics and the Rockets and Thunder were the ones that were entertaining
So, what would you suggest?
For sure. They are a tough team to play at their house
Yep. They've squandered home court advantage, and it hasn't even been close.
I went to a game like 4 years ago and more than have the crowd left before the end.
Have you watched him? His sense of the game is just masterful now.
Guys dont want to be in that dysfunction.
The Celtics have the number one pick... lots of talented and potentially tradable pieces, decent cap space.
Yeah without someone you know it is not dependable
Good, the Celts are standing up for themselves to the ref.
Yea, hes a gamer, but Russ.
They've got so many great players it's hard to pick just one.  I'd probably say Maya Moore.  She's so talented.
Like i want to feel tense i want to be on the edge of my seat
I know, when we were kids it was serious but nowhere near the level it is today..was all heart now its all wingspan
am i right that this will be the third straight year they have been in the finals?
But for now they are over matched and overwhelmed.
Yes I enjoyed it.
Cleveland will have to play better than ever to beat them.
Say a team is down by 10 with two minutes to go but have been making a comeback. They get it to within two points.
Yeah, it really comes out during the playoffs
Oh, the process, huh? I'm trusting
Yeah he is.I will be so sad when they all go to the NBA
Who was the leading assist player for the Spurs?
Who had the highest points per game average for a rookie in NBA history?
Of course not but thats rare.
Yeah, and the year before that, too.
OK HOW ABOUT 20 BUCKS?
I know its based on the record but HOW was Boston a #1 seed.
This Warriors team is going to win the championship
I think that is where he grew up.
Me too, I don't want this series to be too easy for them.
Love it.
Yes, both the Orioles and the Red Sox are big time rivals with the Yankees. Who was your all time favorite Yankee?
He is simple the best, I know there will always be comparisons to Jordon, but come on.
Not one series has really been too interesting outside of Boston and Washington
Well, I would like to see LeBron face the Spurs again.
I wish I had staye din better shape as I look back at my life. But I have always had my weight issues.
Curry isn't known for his defense, I would expect more of the same this year.
Yeah, any closer like the first or second row when mean forking over a lot more cash.
Oh I see. So that's why you like them so much!
They already allow teams to keep their own guys regardless of the cap
It's a good thing LeBron came back.
I'm not even sure how good he will be in the NBA.
Yeah, that really turned the tide of the whole game and series.
Do you think they will make any more moves in free agency?
Oh thats easy, LeBron James.
That will bring us to my favorite player. Michael Jordan, with 30.12 points per game.
Yes, South Carolina hit 38% while Gonzaga hit 48%.
Will he play against the Cavaliers?
They are just a tough team.
Yes, I do....I think his sisters death has effected him a lot but that shouldn't make him slower off the dribble like he has been the past few weeks.
Who wants to come to this team the way that it is presently constructed.
True. You can tell they watch tapes of the man and strive to be like if not better than Jordan.
Cleavland is on fire!
The Cavs have to slow it down again, Lebron has to be amazing
Russell - its a numbers game and they seem to want to spread the MVP around now.
I see what you are saying. Can they get big name free agents to go there?
Yep, hoping for a great season next year.
Well, that didn't happen for the Celtics.
I miss Mike Hart
Yeah, the Big Fundamental
Its good that its a debatable question.
Miami
Yes, LeBron has to get his teammates involved.
They play today at home.
I think so. They are probably looking ahead to the future.
Do you think Leonard will be back?
The Cavs.
With Golden State
Yes, he can dunk from the free throw line.
I will try i want to look at the stats though what site do you use for the team stats?
That's true. But now the Cavs have a team that could win.
That's true I honestly didn't think about it like that but you are correct.
Still they sucked for so long I'm glad to see them turning it around..but no shot for the next 10 or so years against the Warriors
Yea and he seems to play his best nightly.
Well Kobe tried.
I think Golden State will win.
Maybe Boston. I can't see him landing anywhere like Cleveland or Golden State because they have no room.
In five years. Probably 38 or 39.
LeBron is good, but I think Boston will steal one.
Yup. Most of the Big 10 team losses were to each other.
I'll probably go to that one.
GSU
Cleveland won last year. They showed more of a killer instinct with LeBron.
Building a team of good, young players.
Exactly. He has already won the mental battle before the games  begin
No hes the best pure shooter ever.
When someone has to win ?
Mathias had 7 assists for Purdue.
Nope. I'm too short, and I don't jump very well. Maybe that's why I don't follow the game all that closely.
That is right, left alone he would have shot the lights out every game.
Used to love the Lakers years back.  They have had some great players.
And Cleveland gets one point for the foul.
he played for 14 years for 4 different teams
If you say so.
Get rid of Bledsoe and Knight.
Are you kidding?
Yeah me too. Just not the team that didn't need you anyway
The Cavaliers could win on any court
What do you think about the battle with the Warriors coming up?
Just to see who wins MVP, I think.
Yea, they would have to do even more than show up and chip in.
No, but the Thunder will.
Yeah this would make them unguardable.
Yeah I should trust your basket ball judgment.
Depends on the person they draft.
Hopefully he can because Golden State needs him.
Yes, but it took awhile. I'm sure a lot of people thought that it never would happen.
John Wall led the Wizards with 11 assists.
I think he's basically running the team now with Anthony out of the way.
It was at the AT&T Convention Center in San Antonio
Yeah, He only had one vote....but seriously?
case and point ignorant one, professional teams do not exist without your wasted money and time on them;  yet sports are still always here for us to enjoy and actually benefit from
No way. That guy is as animated as they come. I doubt he does anything for a suspension, but he WILL be loud every game.
He can get back on defense quicker
Wow those NBA point guards are amazing.
I mean, the Lakers?
Oh yeah, that's one of the more famous basketball schools. Didn't Michael Jordan go to school there?
Yea, Lebron had to leave and then come back to establish himself.
I think Golden State might be a little too overconfident. Kyrie had his way with Curry last year.
Wow, so I think the Warriors are good.
Why is that?
True. I like seeing those young superstars as well as the seasoned seniors.
Well, when human body reaches a certain height, things like jumping, running become difficult.
Oh man, they would instantly become a favorite to win the west.
I know, the man is a legend.
He is popular with the players, he's a good coach.
Yeah, I think so... heard some people suggesting they try the 1-4 offensive set
That experience will certainly play a role.
I'm sure they will.
So 7 different champions in 17 years, that's not good.
Then maybe they should revisit eligibility.
Yeah, I guess that's true
But that for a rookie?
Yes..and then the one last year in Cleveland.
I agree, but I do't think the organization has the stones to do it.
Why?
The Raptors had 11 turnovers.
That is tonight! Cavs play the Celtics at home.
Okay, okay.  I get the message.  I am slowing down a bit with my advancing age.  I'm almost twenty-five!
Yeah, way less drama on that team. Plus, they have a great spirit.
I'm not sure.  The Warriors are so good and want revenge this year. I bet it will come down to the final game.
Well Boston would probably be best for him.
He did Green already, who else?
Cleveland in 6.
I dont know about that, but maybe.
Yep, but it appears that it didn't matter because they hit over 50% of their shots.
I think The Heat was good.  Mostly when Lebron was there, but also with out him.
Yes, Lebron James won and he made Cleveland very proud.
Me too. This is going to be a great game.
Nope. Warriors, haha.
Yeah, fine.  When's the next game?
I don't think so. It's more popular than ever.
Your right, all 5 of the Warriors starters scored in double figures.
Yeah they have no bench, kind of their problem really.
Couple him with Irving, and yes.
Happ led the team with 3 assists.
Ya he still played well.
And no one mentions that Leonard was hurt already and then earlier in the game he sprained the ankle by landing on one of his own bench players.
No kidding. I know just what you mean. Loved seeing him coach.
He's throwing up the ball AFTER the foul, and getting rewarded for it.
I mean, give us a break. They've got three of the top players in the conference, and we're down one.
Yeah, but that time he did not have the Splash Brothers to help him out.
There was no James Harden back then.
They had 49 rebounds.
Not true. His body fat percentage is way too high for an NBA player, and he just plays dirty. I don't appreciate his style of play in the slightest.
You keep expecting more, but again this is who they are.
They might not be able to beat this Cleveland team!
That is true he is the star of the show and is the most well known.
And by better match up you mean another sweep?
John amaechi
It is though! They are a completely unique team because of Lebron.
Nobody, thats the problem.
I'm sure that's the plan going forward
We will see because their hands are going to be full trying to stop us. Draymond is the heart and soul of that team. KD ain't no Alpha Dog. Steph ai'nt no Alpha Dog. Your best players fall when the pressures on.
Exactly. The Spurs may have pushed them to six or seven games at best.
I know! He came down hard on that left knee and didn't come back.
I think Cleveland wins in six.
How does he do that?
Lonzo Ball led the team with 8 assists.
I play at the park on the weekends.
I don't know. It's interesting.
But Michael Jordan was one-of-a-kind. Lebron never won a dunk competition, never got defensive player of the year, etc.
Yeah, sadly I've got to agree with you. I think the Warriors are going to sweep it Monday night.
Hm, I'll have to check it out! Are the warriors good?
When is the next playoff game?
Yeah he cannot stay healthy.
I'd like to see the Spurs Celtics in the finals
What about the other 4 games?
Yes, he is he made Boston look like school yard boys.
It ain't over, they just need to jell as a team.  They'll get there.
Yes, the MVP was Paul Pierce from the Celtics.
If they were healthy, I think this would've been a closer series.
Like this?
They just keep going back and forth.
How long has Lebron been playing? 13 years?
Yea, it's pretty much guaranteed.
The Warriors made 9 three pointers.
Those players not using the supplement are at a disadvantage.
He's also a total egotistical diva.
Yes, and Wake Forest had a poor team at that time.
Definitely, without it then the season doesn't mean anything. Put Lebron on the Knicks and he will average 50+ points a game.
I really don't think it will matter, there is too much fire power on Golden State.
Yes it is.
No he didn't I don't know if the guy just ran out of gas
So, he's into March Madness, too, I bet.
He had success when he had mega teams.
How many games do you think the finals will go?
Yes I agree please no more blow outs.
I wish there was a way the Celtics could find a player that makes them both better next year AND better in the long run.
Yeah. 72-31 at the half!
Yeah i can see that. Most of them have been playing together for a while
I dont know how he maintains it
I guess I would want Golden State this year.  I'm getting a little bored with LeBron.
I think the Warriors will be able to play as a team and outscore Lebron.
Yea, about that. I just hope the sixers get a good player.
Yeah it is. They just have to make the right moves going forward
Yes he usually opts to attack, harass and stick to them like glue.
I would never count out LeBron, or bet against him for that matter.
Yeah that has got to be their goal, but it's not going to be easy
Will they go perfect through the finals
Asians are even higher than whites.
Not a fan of blowouts, huh?
No Pop runs a well oiled machine.
Yes, it helps with slam dunks.
I think the Celtics and Cavs play tonight.
Chiozza led his team with 5 assists.
And I dont know if we ever see that again.
I'm not sure, although I love a great rivalry.
I'd love that!
See if they can play together well before they make any decisions.
they could pick it up and turn it around for the second half
Do you play basketball as well as watching it?
Instead of the Triangle Offense hes going to use what he call 4 Play offense
Thats right, and the past two games they've beat us pretty bad, 100-136 and 108-120.
He sounds like an MVP player of the game.
Neither could cleveland, that town went crazy.
If Lebron pulls this off I think it puts him a little closer to Jordan
So you think the Warriors will win it all?
Cartwright led Arizona with 5 assists.
Unless they can get free agents.
I think like 20.
Yea why is everyone talking about it now?
Sounds crazy, but why should they get guaranteed contracts playing a game if they don't put forth the effort? If no fans show up they still get paid.
Yes, they do share the same arena for home games but I was told they use different courts.
North Carolina had 16 turnovers.
We still hold a little bit of a grudge for what he did to Sloan and Hayward.
What did basketball do to you?
I have to agree with you on that one. They are going to have to work around him.
What about Orlando?
Yes! He is still very sharp!
Honestly, no I'm not....he had a terrible season by his standards and so many players had career years.
I really wish the Rockets or Thunder made it further though. The Western Conference is stacked
They shouldn't be allowed to play in the playoffs next year unless they win the series.
I love the energy of that crowd. Something about those fans really pumps me up
Embarassing!
Who did they play?
True.
Nope and we can see it playing out right now.
Your right, the Celtics will be scary in the next couple years.
Who knows if the new kid can make 90 percent of the shots like richards could
Did he call a foul for backing into the one from the Cavs?
I understand. That guy can play.
Oh yeah?  I think I've heard of her.  Who else?
Yeah that is the best feeling
I played with a lot of heart...I didnt even make the highschool JV team.
correct.  i wonder if that has ever happened before.
For sure. I mean they have had a great season
So the Cavs won?
Lebron, Irving, and Love and going to have to play out of their mind.
Okay...
Everyone seems to have their opinions and they are often out there.
Good! Theres a lot of good things going on in Philly.
Me too but hopefully a few will stay around to finish up college first.
Patty Mills led the Spurs with 5 assists.
Wilt chamberlein
So every year something else will happen.
Well, they are the best two teams out there.  It'll be a great finals
YEP 20 IS COOL I DON'T WANT TO BANKRUPT YOU HAHA
A #1 seed should NEVER lose by 50 points....that just isn't fathomable.
Yeah there is no doubt in my mind
That's right! He grew up in the Wilmington, NC area.
If the Celtics can figure out their offense they will have a shot.
That's not enough for me though. It happens rarely enough to be an anomaly.
You know, I don't have to go back that far to say Derek Jieter.  Who is your all time favorite baseball player?
Did you watch any of the Cavs vs. Raptors series?
I think they could have been better I do agree with that.
I think he'd win this time because Duncan's gone and the team is old.
Still, basketball, and the NBA, is something I love. But it isn't the same as it was in the 80s.
That's where Klay Thompson will have to step up.
I hear ya, I feel ya, I know exactly what you mean.
Yeah, I used to even have classes with the players, so that was cool.
I know and it makes for a very confusing cap
True, but he didn't score all those points by himself.
Oh I think he will be pretty good.  He can distribute well.
The playoffs have been pretty boing other than that though huh?
I hope so we really need some quality shooters!
Micheale Jordan was the best basketball player ever.
how does he rank in terms of total life points?
Oh, so Gonzaga shot the ball better than South Carolina.
No.  He may be done for the season.
Yea, they have great players.
Should the Celtics keep the #1 pick?
That in lies the problem doesn't it.
You know some people say though, "If Jordan was the best player ever, why doesn't he have the scoring title or the most championships?"
Told you. Irving and Love together are going to be unstoppable.
Really, the Warriors have this as long as they are healthy
LeBron is a lot like Shaq; you can give him the award every year if you wanted to.
I think they could especially if Wade decides to opt out
What do you think about what Ginobli is doing this season.
That's right. Only 2 of the 5 starters scored in double figures.
Do you mean that the team desperately needs defensive length now or that it appears that the Zags are actively recruiting lengthy players for defense and Ayayi is another example of that?
Greg Poppovich is a great coach as well
I think James is mad he wasnt on the list.
This 6-10 center won the MVP in back-to-back years in the early 80s with different teams. He also started a trend of going pro straight out of High School. Who was it?
Involved in what way? Just by getting more assists?
What is the score in that series?
On the Warriors side, Curry scored 29 points.
Yes, but not this year.
Have they played the Pacers this year?
Against Curry and boys?
That is true but so can Lebron.
I usually just use ESPNs tracker as it is easy.
You're right about the Warriors though, they have a lot of talent on their team.
That's why I feel the bottom teams are just lazy, they don't want to win they just want to play.
Does anyone though?
That is true. He is one heck of a player.
I suppose so.  I don't think it's the same.
Why?
The Cavs always seem willing to trade Kevin Love and Melo is friends with LeBron.
That's it? We both agree he'll be every bit as good next year.
The Spurs are good too, though.
I don't buy it, sorry, ACC or bust.
Yeah, be sure to go early.  There was almost no parking left when I got there.
It's tough.  I really want the Celtics to win.
That is the problem. The Dubs are soft in my opinion. They are a finesse team not a lot of toughness.
Why would you reccomend that?
Yeah this Cleveland team and Lebron are rolling
Thats hard to believe.
Yeah I think it would be LeBron. He is just too good, man.
Which team had the higher field goal percentage?
Yeah. Basketball is made for tall people. Wouldn't it be great if they had a league with a height limit? Nobody over six feet.
He did pretty well anyway!
I know.  The Bulls are the same way - a great history of players.
And two points, now.
He's gotta have some game, man,
He makes a lot better shots than Lebron.
Yes and let Booker become the main guy.
Anything is possible! No guarantee that Golden State is going to sweep.
He will probably get this ring, but it will be tainted
Thats why they didnt care about regular season wins.
I'm not worried I've never thought much of the Warriors this year it's all luck.
I don't like that they're waiting to announce the winner.
I agree. They would have to be stars.
Man, I can't believe all the travelling violations last night.
I'm so looking forward to what they bring to the table next year
I am good at betting on basket ball for a reason
I would keep him, he looks like a stud.
Will LeBron James retire if Cleveland wins again this year?
So what do you think of their team this year?
Which team had more turnovers?
Who do you think was MVP this year.
When do the Warriors and Spurs play again?
The thing I hate about  media "voting" is there could be such a discrepancy.
so i don't get it, why is there even an nba.    .or any other league for that matter?
So that's your only reason? Kevin Love? You don't think the Warriors are just better?
But then you have your guards trying to rebound.
Yes they show what the human body is capable of.
Hah. I hope not
Yep, and we won the national championship this year, which was awesome.
Yea, he did that in a big way.
Klay Thompson couldn't guard him either.
Do you think they will win the Championship?
Rivalries benefit everyone
I'll be interested where players go in the NBA draft.
That's probably why they look so weird when they try.
In their prime who would you pick Paul or Stockton?
Did you catch the game between the Warriors and the Spurs last night?
I can't wait to see them play in the next game.
You think that would work?
I believe the Warriors will close it out in six games.
Who is your pick next year?
No, it's not. They're all top seeds, too.
I think we are getting closer to that happening.
The Eastern conference is just not very good.
Yea, hes got immense talent.
People were made when he first left Cleveland.
They will just keep treading water. Happy with a 2nd round exit.
Well, everyone keeps saying they're one of the strongest because of MSU, Wisconsin, and OSU's recent strong seasons, but no titles.
What about the Cavs? How many turnovers did they have?
Do you think Paul George will stay with the Pacers?
Thinking about retiring, are you?
I know what you mean. We should try to go to games more often.
I agree both have strong offense and defense. However, the edge probably goes to the Cavaliers.
Is he a role player?
Jaylen Brown?
Do you think Boston regrets trying to go small against the Cavs?
The Eastern Conference is rough.
Exactly, they still beat the Spurs by a respectable 12 points.
I think Dwayne Wade is a great player.
Did Lebron james play for Miami Heat during the 2012-2013 NBA season?
Do you want to go to a restaurant before the basketball game?
It's the only way to go.  They are dropping 3's all day.
Monday, the 22nd.  It's in Oakland.
Not really. I think lots of people think it's gotten too boring
What was the turning point of the game, in your mind?
It was hard to watch kind of...was man against boys out there with the Warriors just making every shot they looked at.
Notice you didnt bring Kevin Love into that.
Interesting, that is not very good either.
Did he dunk?
Well, anyway, if things keep going as they are, it will be quite a series between the Cavaliers and the Warriors.
I follow Iowa State too. Monty Morris graduated this year so not sure what their team will look like next year.
Ahh, yeah that's a bit annoying.
Did you hear that Zaza's likely to be out for game four?
Yeah, Curry and Thompson will make things a lot easier for Durant this time around.
Yeah, those were the days.
Who lead the team in scoring for North Carolina and Gonzaga?
Well, in any case, I'm looking forward to watching another Cavs/Warriors finals.
I think if they can add a few pieces they can be a legitimate title contender.
Sorry, I have to disagree. The Celtics were 10 deep! This Cleveland team is not like that!
Exactly he is the face of  the team and the best on it hands down.
What is the Best series of all time?
Who was the first center to lead the NBA in assists for a season?
You just proved my entire point. Without Lebron, the Cavs wouldn't be where they are today.
Then why watch is my argument.
I definitely think Carmelo needs to move on
In the mean time, while we're waiting on that, come and get smashed on the 2k right now.
The Spurs just don't have the personnel.
Well, I guess game 4 could possibly finish the series for them.
Really?  I disagree.  This is a revenge year for the Warriors!
His jumper is so quick.
Well, that's not surprising with Ball's play-making skills.
Where do you buy your basketballs from?
Did you see the celtics play the bulls in the playoffs?
There are alot similarities between the two.  They are both astounding players .
Me too. At least the Spurs still have home court advantage tomorrow.
They're alright, but I think they're definetely memorable.
It is next Tuesday
So then what do you think will be their star?
That won't happen.
They lost 98-89, 96-91, 100-86, and 108-98.
Poor Isaiah Thomas, trying his hardest to keep up.
I'm going to record the Cavaliers tonight.  Don't tell me about it until I watch it!
Who won the NBA championship in the 2009 and 2010 season?
Even if they were healthy, it would be tough for San Antonio to win.
Haha, with one hand.
Another foul, this time by Smith.
Something like that. And he's still on his top game, more or less. And in a season there are 82 games, so, 6 more years which is about the same length of career as Jabbar
How did Lebron finish fourth in the MVP race?
How many three pointers did the Jazz make?
What team do you think is on the verge of really getting good?
True, people didn't hate Jordan until after he retired.
How is Wake Forest's basketball program.
What is the "system" in Cleveland compared to the Spurs.
I think if Cleveland slows the game down they have a real chance.
I'm sure that is a factor in the draft negotiation process.
I don't know either, but he shrunk in the big moments.
Yes, he is.  He will watch games on his phone and honestly I think the screen is just too small to catch everything.
Right but he did flourish in Orlando.
I am going 6 games. Golden State 4-2
So what do you think what is your prediction for this matchup.
They would have to pass up on Fultz and take someone like Tatum, but that's a poor choice in the long run.
I couldn't believe it. So embarrasing.
Lets just hope zaza pachulia doesn't hurt anyone else!
I think he wants to break records
He sure is great though.
Did you see the cavs vs Boston? They dominate them.
They should at number 3.
Just don't lose the Greek Freak and everything will be alright.
Yes he is so great.
You are probably right.  I just hope we see a good series.
It's all about their role players. They need a good core
No, I bet that Cleveland will win at least one game
Are jews good at basketball?
Never have been. It's like, no contest.
But Golden State could survive without Durant or Green or Curry
I wish I could slam dunk.
Where is the game?
Which team had the most turnovers?
Will the players come out better?
Do you think they will play each other for the third year in a row?
I thought you would.
Exactly. Both players are pretty good size, so you could play both at the same time.
True if they turn it around they could win
I do, I live by a park and play multiple times a week.
Wow sounds interesting do you how how it works?
The first game wasn't so bad, I think we only lost by two points.
He was outstanding to watch, the heat didn't seem to get to him, he remained calm in the game.
I'm such a big Lebron fan after coming back home and winning a title there.
I believe that as well. This is a huge challenge to take on
Definitely! They have much better players now
How many turnovers did both teams have?
Yeah but thats not how the NBA works anymore
Wow those two are a great combination.
I know right, it's like no sh*t sherlock, everyone saw that
Yeah, but they are drama queens.
When was the Detroit Pistons last win?
What about field goal shooting?
To Hayward? What did Williams do to Hayward?
Well, I was the fat kid, remember? Wind sprints destroyed my knees. One time I hurt them bad but my brother convinced my family I was faking it.
At least he is still pretty good defensively. He still can defend the paint and he's a good rebounder
25th. You're getting closer.
I guess they want to go younger.
Do you think George will chase the money or a championship?
Yea that would have been nice
That's cruel.
They do have a great crowd and arena.
Those Boston fans get pretty nasty when things don't go well.
I don't even remember, guess that's a sign of how memorable the game was.
It's crazy to think that he will continue to get better as he ages.
Yeah I think that its the end of the line for them.
The Cavs are just showing to the Warriors how to win a game, without hurting a player on the opposing team.
He might have terrible aim and miss most of them
I hope not.  I think it was legit.
Don't leave Lebron out either.
Lindsey Whalen.  Simone Augustus.  Syliva Fowles.
Especially when you are in the crowd
Haha yeah but you are 5'7"
well, i happened to mention i've rooted for the knicks for many years.  i'll tell you right now that i'm 65 years old.  i'm not quite old enough to remember, but i do know that the knicks and the old minneapolis Lakers met for 3 straight years in the finals in the early/mid 1950s.
Especially considering the tragedy that Isiah Thomas went through.
Yes the Cavs won.
It could be one of the best series ever.
Then, as they're about to take the lead, the other team takes control on a fast break and scores a three-pointer.
It's a lot different than the NHL playoffs, which are going on at the same time, where the players specifically talk about the game to the media.
I know. They will start winning eventually.
yeah that is the smart thing to do but when the money calls, you gotta take it while you can.
How many turnovers did the Spurs have?
What team was lucky enough to have defensive great Bill Russell for his entire career?
I think so, yeah.
I was hoping that someone could knock down Golden State in the west.
HAHA WHAT'S 20 BUCKS AMONG FRIENDS.
Celtics are nowhere near as talented as the elite teams, yet accomplished a lot.
They are undefeated in this post season
Didn't he go to school in North Carolina as well?
They also have to make sure the defense is flawless
You're one of those integrity guys aren't you?
I would have to say Cal Ripkin because I grew up watching him play for the Orioles.  Man could that boy play some ball.
No way! That was a waste of everyones time.
They need to look into fixing this before it becomes a yearly things
Yeah. It wouldn't be the same.
Larry Bird is an all-time great. Probably in the top 5-10 all-time players.
Yeah but he couldn't stop kyrie either last year.
Though the third row gives me ample opportunity to get a close up view of all the best plays.
Awesome! I like BYU because I know Jimmer!
I think there are several solutions
Maybe not, but he really lit a fire under their butts.
But he's slow, long but slow.  I think he has trouble defending point gaurds.
Yep, two horse race.
Yea, with Davis and Cousins guys should be open all the time.
You wont hear me argue!
You mean points over his career, he ranks 4th behind, Jabbar, Malone, and believe it or not Bryant.
That's correct. South Carolina is know more for their defense.
Well, that is disappointing for him.  It is also disappointing for me as a fan.
4 of them!
I'm torn, I think they could trade and get an established player but also I would love to see Fultz with this group of players.
It really does. I men they have some okay complimentary pieces but it's just not enough.
This is logic that I've heard before, and it's quite frankly ridiculous.
I think that I better go pull out my jersey.
Which can always be a big if. Steph and Durant have had their share of injuries
Yeah, but I feel like you should still give it to the most deserving even if its the same person over and over.
He would be leaving a lot of money on the table though
Way beyond expectations, although he seemed to be off last night
As a plus for the Celtics, one of the bench players also scored in double figures.
Like Domas and Tille, if he played high school ball in the States he would possibly be a Mickey D's AA. But to be clear, he is a 2017? He's super young, may plan to redshirt him and let him learn and physically mature. Huge Get nonetheless!
Yeah, I think he's probably thinking of retirement now
I mean as far as value to his team, i dont know.
Moses malone
Yes, more assists are good. But he also can't shoot the ball so much. Wouldn't you agree?
Cleveland is up 2-0 over Boston. They have been dominating just like Golden State has.
Yes, he hit a sizzling 6 three pointers.
Do you think the Warriors will sweep the Spurs?
Yes, and the Pacers lost pretty badly.
Oh yes
That is right, maybe I like him now.
I was thinking you used another site.
Yeah, but they need to make sure to put pressure in the key. They can't rely on offense.
I'm not sure if I was a player I'd just be fine with playing. I'd want to win too.
Well the Spurs...
It will be in interesting finish for sure.
Die hard Chicago fan?
Cause they have the top 2 players in the west.
Love is a way better fit for the Cavs than Melo and I'm sure LeBron knows that.
Yeah but he'll want to retire while he's on top.
Yeah, but that injury pretty much killed their shot.
That's so narrow-minded. I bet you support OSU in football, too.
Where were they playing?
I think it will be GSU and Cleveland.
What makes them soft? They have the best shooters in history
Several reasons. They're cheaper. They can build a good camaraderie as they're all new.
I just wish they had some competitive games
He doesnt need to drive the ball to be effective.
You think that GSW will choke again ?
Kansas had the higher field goal percentage with 55%
Then they could lower the basket so that six footers could dunk.
Yep! You cannot totally stop him.
Still miss MIchael Jordan, huh?
Brown got a little too handsy with James there.
Dude was fast. He looked like a little midget running past all these slow moving giants. Dude was a legend
I guess we can't agree on everything.
I think we should fire Watson as coach too.
I mean, I guess you are right.
Absolutely. Most people will not forget this.
Wouldnt it matter in the Finals?
Luck can take you far in the NBA sometimes though.
Me neither, it's better when it's just their team there.
Yea. I dont know if they can do that.
For sure, it's like they forgot how to dribble.
I would like to see them play even faster
I know you do it a lot.
Yeah but he might price himself out of their range
I think he will play for at least 2 more years.
Well the Cavs always have a chance with Lebron there, so they might get it done again.
The Wizards had the most turnovers with 15.
That's a hard one.  Westbrook was amazing.
They play again Sunday 5/22 Game Four
Did you have a chance to see the final scores? Some of them make me shake my head.
exactly, and furthermore why would you use time you could be experiencing a sport and begin fit, on watching anyone else?
I just don't think LeBron can handle it all on his own. Kyrie will step up but they really need Kevin Love this year now that the Warriors are even more loaded.
If theres a better method tell me
When do they play next.
Another blow up candidate - Chicago
Oh yeah, I remember that. That must've been exciting.
He sure did.
Cleveland does have a better bench this year too.
Ya I think they will.
Do you think this will be the next one?
Yeah, it's really a great draft class.
Yep, awkward gait, and short vertical jump, because their bodies can't handle so much weight.
Paul just because I feel as though he's a better shooter.
Yeah, at first I thought it was going to be close but the Warriors pulled it out.
Me too. I bet they will be pumped with the coach back.
At this point, it couldn't hurt but that, to me, isn't the real problem.
That is if they don't sweep the Cavaliers.
I think the Spurs will win it all.
How's that compare to the men?
Silver will not be able to pass much though.
Yeah, only one dominant team - the Cavs
We'll see, but I dont know about the Celtics.
I would be also!
That's why some organizations never really prosper
Well, Wisconsin was robbed against Duke, that's pretty much been proven.
The Cavs had 10 turnovers.
I hope so, but I can see him leaving.
No way.  I wanna be playing basketball on the day I die.
Yeah we should. I just hope that I can still enjoy watching the Thunder without Durant.
The defense is probably stronger for the Warriors when they are on their game.  Right now they are hot.
I think maybe, but right now I would still see if you can get 35 minutes out of him
True, he's been getting after the boards.
Of course they do, they tried it and lost by like 50.
Yea, its not the strongest.
Yep, if the Spurs do not win the next game, their season is finished.
Im surprised they didnt make the playoffs.
Yes, he did and they won the championship. He was also the MVP that season.
Yeah lets do it.
As stated, it's unfair how great they are.
They'd better win it, otherwise their season is going to end early.
But there are so many great players, even outside of the Cavs and Warriors.
I think the biggest "rush" was when Durant went on a 19 point surge throughout the 3rd quarter.
I know that feeling...they do that to my Bulls all the time.
Hes a part time player.
Yes, both teams didn't move the ball very well.
Ya he dunked.
It looks like it--doesn't look as if Boston or San Antonio will win a game.
They'll need some Hylton Magic for sure.
Plus, these guys make tens of millions acting like babies and being awful role models.
Seriously? We're definitely not winning any games then.
True, the will for sure and we have yet to factor in Draymond Green.
Do you think Harden will ever win?
Joel Berry for Carolina and Williams-Goss for Gonzaga.
I am too. Hopefully the Cavs don't have to come from behind like last year.
Again I disagree. I don't know if John Wall is the leader that gets you there.
Maybe you are right! It is an answer we will never have.
I mean he is the best but by a very small margin.
Easy the Bulls vs Pistons in the late 80's early 90's
Wilt Chamberlain
Lebron's effort and will is the "switch," and the rest of the team takes their cue from him. Basketball is a team sport.
Yea, I completely agree with that one.
Yeah he needs to see if he can go to a team and win a championship
Ok, I'm gonna show you what the Cavs gonna do in the Finals.
That's why they went belly-up without Kawhi. They need another star player to compete.
Not sure if the Spurs can come back from this.
Maybe.  But Lebron is just too tough right now and Steph and Durant don't seem to play that well against him.
Oh that explains it.
Exactly, Ball is #1 in the nation for assists.
I go to the fitness store to buy them.
I did watch some of the games.
Too bad Lebron never went to college. I would have loved to see him play for a college team
True. Didn't help them last night though!
I agree with you. Well what time are the games at so I can watch?
Perfect i am off that night.
Simmons is going to light things up
I think it would be funny if the top two teams lost.
Those aren't blowouts.
The whole game was funny, 44 points, you kidding me.
Spoiler alert eh?  Should be a good game.  You better watch it ASAP.
That was my favorite team, the Lakers.
Yeah, Golden State has a great team
This is hard work.
They were trying to play keep away.
But he averages 27 points per game which is better than Jabbar.
They get enamored with statistics.
The Jazz made 7 three pointers.
I think my pick would be the Milwaukee Bucks.
Yeah, people have a million reasons to hate Lebron in the past, present and future.
It became great for a while.
Lebron IS the system in Cleveland.
If Cleveland slows the game down they just have a real chance of losing by less.
Yes it probably is.
You can't have your best player fail to step up during those times.
I don't know, with how clear the picture is with phones now, you can see a lot.
But couldnt do much until he got the big three.
I agree on Golden State winning it.  But I have it 4-3 in 7 games.
The Warriors especially with Kevin Durant I just think they have too much talent.
Do you think they would trade the pick for the chance to get a lot better next season?
Yeah. NBA just needs the Finals to happen already.
I hope he doesn't the warriors always get lucky with injuries to the other team!
At the behest of his franchise?
Really I just hope they are good games.  I miss the old days when I really cared!
Warriors won the most game and are undefeated in the playoffs.
Yea, no Fultz, but thats okay.
Exactly. He will keep butts in the seat in Milwaukee
I want to watch him play like that.
You don't like 41 point leads at the half?
Yeah they do. It can definitely work the fans may need to show some patience
I think they will win 2
they are good at owning the teams.
Who knows. Maybe the Spurs will turn it around and tie-up the series.
I am not sure thats the case
Yes, the closest I come to a slam dunk is a dunk in a wastebasket.
Cleveland. The Cavs won both games in Boston.
Wisconsin had 16 turnovers.
I think with that kind of seasoning, yes.
I don't see how they can be stopped.
I'll get to see Blake Griffin up close.
They are both pretty weak defensively but they have time to get better
and then they can go to the next round you see
That's awesome, I haven't played in too long.
Yeah you move the ball around and try to make as much contact with defender to get them to open up
Your right but we had Kawai was in that first game up until the third quarter.
I will go home and see if I can find anything online with some replays!
Yeah I dont know why everyone hates him so much.
Probably the biggest challenge that he has ever had
I think you are right.
Both teams each had 8 turnovers.
Sure it does.
It's going to be hard for the Spurs to come back, that's for sure.
I wonder if they are going to do anything next year
Performance-based pay would never work.
I think the Pistons last won the NBA championship way back in 2004.
Kentucky hit 42% of their shots while Carolina hit 47% of their shots.
He was just constantly disrespecting him on the court.
How are they now?
Yeah he is, but you can't go to him in the post
I give up? Who is it?
I suppose..it's a shame.
He's gotta chase the money, any championship team won't be able to pay him what he wants.
Well, who do you have winning it all now?
It's also realistic. They're being paid tens of millions to get humiliated.
Yeah that place is always rocking
Yep. They've had a lot of success there, and they always expect maximum effort.
I'll say!
Yeah, I guess.
They need to bring in a big named coach
I hate the Warriors as much as anybody, but Zaza's play on Kawhi wasn't dirty at all.
Exactly and then the fans will see their team in disgrace
Everyone backs into each other at some point.
We always leave Lebron out. He just keeps doing his thing though.
Why are the scores so low compared to men's basketball?
Exactly! it is like a new life or something
Don't rub it in
wow! i didn't know that.  did the knicks win any of the 3?
I don't know how he played so well after his sister died.
Wow who do they play next?
I know, it will be a hell of a series.
Why's that your favorite?
It's almost like the NBA players have a pre-made speech during their press conferences and only say what they want to, not answering questions.
Maybe, but only if they can stay healthy.
This is true!
The Spurs committed 14 turnovers.
Boston celtics
Is he teetering on Oden status?
Not this year.  Even though Steph Curry isn't playing as well as last year, they are still a really good team.
OK WE WILL SHAKE ON DURING GAME ONE.
Of course though, no respect is given. Wait till we see who they draft.
And most of the games haven't been close
Yes, Michael Jordan played at the University of North Carolina.
Well I guess we will see tonight.
Yeah, I think it ruins the game of basketball. There's no surprise, and the wrong kind of competition.
I really enjoyed watching Ripkin play but I truly loved when Earl Weaver was their coach.
Do you think Knick fans are to full of themselves?
Like I said its just a one time thing
I think it would make for a good narrative on ESPN, though.
Injuries cut back on his career though. It was because he played so hard.
Good point. I can't wait for the Finals to start!
That is so true, my friend.
Who is that?
None of which we ever see implemented
Fair enough.  Did you see how he's not an MVP finalist this year?
Yeah, could be, you might be right.
I guess we'll get to probably see Cavs versus Warriors part 3.
I would love to get a guy like Kyle Korver, he is a great shooter.
How much do you like basketball?
How many games did Jordan play?
So, basically the game was decided by shooting?
Yes.  We will see have to see how they perform against the Cavaliers without Isaiah.
Yea, it's almost not fair.
Will Lebron beat Jordon's 30 point game streak?
They need more scores and three point shooters on this team
Yeah, me too. I was watching a program last night and they were saying Jordan couldn't win until Bird and Magic declined.
I am going to get the snacks ready,
I'm going with Warriors in 6. Cavs will have a crazy game from Kyrie that steals a game, and the Warriors will have one off game
He's going to be a man on a mission now.
Yeah he would, but you would think it's not about the money for him at this point
Yah, but he is fun to watch , no matter what
The Celtics may have to make some line up changes if they want to increase their chances of winning.
Really, he can drive, shoot and handle the rock. This is another "under the radar" recruit by Tommy.
Really? I didn't hear about that
Harden was the team.
Who was the undersized center on the Washington Bullets team that won the 1978 NBA Championship?
Yes, that's how they'd win. I'm far less confident than you that it will actually happen. I'm still betting on the Warriors.
I wonder if any two Finals teams have ever entered the series with undefeated playoff records?
Do the Spurs even stand a chance against this team?
Definitely. The Spurs are too shorthanded.
Would be nice to see them in tourney again some day.
Want to watch the game in a pub?
Ok, I am glad I convinced you.
Nah i find ESPN the easiest way to track the players
The Cavs too. Basketball is so offensive these days.
Say that when your playing professional basket ball for millions of dollars a year.
Lol anyways...
Yes, whats your pick?
Nah, not really.  I just marvel at MJ's talent.
Leonard is better than Durant and he doesn't swear at mascots.
Why Boston, then?
Do you think we'll view Lebron as the greatest player ever.
Who do you think will win it all?
Yeah, I do.
At the Johnson Center.
How many game will it go to?
Because they are just that. Shooters. Only Green is tough, in the Finals the play gets rough and you have to be tough.
Anything else?
Yeah me too. This has been way to easy for them
Well he cant with that frame.
Counting on it haha.
Okay, can you tell me the final score?
It's interesting to think about. Do you think you would play more then?
Did you see that Boston got the first pick in the draft next year.
You bet, and Scottie Pippen too.
Yep, and now the Celtics are paying for that again.
I wonder if he ever tried to dunk and succeeded...
I guess not.
Who should be the coach?
I know I am right, they were up 3-0 on Cleveland last year and look what happened.
This takes away from his legacy not add to it.
They should flip a coin ever year
Either way I'm looking forward to the Championship.
You think Westbrook will win?
Neither do I, but we will find out.
The Mavericks looked good last week.
For sure. If they can keep this core together. We could be seeing a championship in five years
Next time ask me before you do it so I can advise you
I dont believe there is a price too high.
Who will be the number one pick of the NBA draft this year?
Personally, I like their chances too. They have a good all-around team to support him.
Okay, what was the final score between both teams?
I hope they focus more on basketball this year and less on politics.
What time is it on?
Did Jimmy Butler make a team?
well then what is there to talk about if not all the playoffs going on?
I guess so. I still don't think anyone is stopping LeBron. He will average a triple double in the finals, I guarantee it.
Thats not what I am here to do.
They play tomorrow.
Yep. But they won't because they are the Bulls
It was awesome and I got super pumped when they won.
Yea, where are the criques now.
Well here's hoping Cleveland repeats again.
Do you like their jersey colors?
Its already looking like that.
Some of the teams who have early picks are very young, so the draftees could make a big impact quickly.
That's just like Football players. the linemen.
How old is Paul Milsaps?
I got season tickets last year and I never missed a game.
The warriors have really been dominating. I hope they keep it up.
What is?
That's hard to imagine. The Warriors will almost surely take the crown, but Lebron and the Cavaliers are too competitive to lose four games straight.
That would be cool. They haven't won it in awhile.
Lots of top seeds, but more variety: UNC, Villanova, Duke, UConn, Louisville, Kentucky, Kansas, Florida, Syracuse, Maryland, Michigan State.
The NCAA has no word on whether to do that.
Could also be a bad matchup
Just watch out next year.
I will tell you though..to come back and win it all has to be one of the best "hometown sports stories" ever!
Yeah they like to play it safe and that is not going to get it done
Yeah. Indiana and Maryland are also supposed to be strong schools but always fade in the tournament.
Okay, tell me the final score between the teams.
Did you know Wilt Chamberlin played professional basketball under a false identity when he was 16?
Okay.  See you at five or so.  I'll take it easy on you to keep you alive for one more day, at least.
Yeah its too bad...but I'll see you next week then?
Well it will be interesting to watch the series and see how it plays out. How about a bet on this game. I'll take the Cavs.
Lofty goals for a guy who cant stay healthy
Getting the rookie some more hard playoff minutes might be the best they can salvage from this series now.
Have you ever seen an uglier, one sided playoff game.?
We'll see how we fare. I wanna see everyone healthy.
That is so true but what can they do with Kawhi Leonard.
Well, this will be year three in a row that the Cavs and Warriors are in, I think.
Who did the Miami Heat play against during that season?
I think it will be cheaper than eating at the arena.
It's a great time to be a Warriors fan.
Yeah.  We'll see what happens.
Who won't win championships unless they team up with Lebron or a superteam.
Are you excited for another almost inevitable classic of GS vs. Cleveland?
So the moral of the story...you can play above your talent level for a while...but the Knicks will always be the Knicks.
So hes better served on the bench?
Okay, what was the final score between Wisconsin and Villanova?
Did he dribble a lot?
Well, I'll be rooting for the Warriors.
Ready for football? We've got our tickets for the VT/WVU game in September.
All for playing a game...
Yeah. I think they figured there were no chances of the Spurs winning the match up so they might as well not risk injuring him more.
Ultimately, I am inclined to believe that the Warriors will get their second championship in the past three years.
Who cares?
I see, so it looks like it came down to the turnovers.
Hopefully you don't get a chance to, because the Warriors will sweep the Cavs!
I love Wall! I just think he needs a couple more guys that fit into their system.
Just enjoy the Celts for what they are. A team that can improve, too!
Name me one player who is almost as good.
Who do you have winning and in how many?
Who was the first player to average a triple double thoughout an entire regular season?
What are you going to say if the Cavs end up choking?
We just need more competition next year.
Yeah I think it's not or never for him
If they get past Boston.
Looks like they will end up getting swept now. Did you see game 2 and 3?
Looks like it's probably going to be the Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers in Round 3.
Yeah, but the Warriors had it won last year if it hadn't been for Draymond getting suspended and now have Durant too! I say Warriors win in six.
Yes his jumper is a thing of beauty.
So, tell me what the final score was.
Do you have a basketball court at your house?
I'm sad the Bulls lost
Yeah, it would've been nice to see Lebron win a NCAA championship or 2 or 3. lol
You're right, I guess we'll see! Want to come watch it my place?
They usually start at 7pm our time.
Lets do it then will be a awesome time.
I think itll be Saric
Maybe next year the Suns will be good
I guess they just seemed like it at the time.
I can't wait until game 2.
Where is Dwight Howard from?  I'd never heard of him until the NBA.
Wasn't your favorite player Kobe Bryant the chosen MVP that season?
I'm thinking Golden State might win it all this year.
Tyler helped me so maybe you could practice with him too.
The refs are checking for the 3-point line.
Let's see, if Lebron plays all the games in the next 6 years, and scores the average he's been doing, then he will amass 13473 points which will shatter Jabbar's record
Yea but there's more to it than just triple doubles.
Lastly, what was the final score between the two clubs?
Why do you think they are your guess.
You've convinced me, go dubs!
But you don't hear much about Wake Forest or NCSU basketball anymore?
Should WHO their teammates are play a part?
You are impossible.
There is a lot that goes into what makes the NBA so great.
Yeah, but maybe they can build off of this experience and be stronger next year.
Basketball is a lot of very quick action that covers a lot of distance on the court, so I think it needs a bigger screen so you don't miss anything.
Listen hes a good coach and wont let the team sink
It very well could end like that again.
I disagree I think Lebron James is the best player in the world and will be the diffeence for the Cavaliers.
They would need to get a very young player in return who is on a long contract to ensure he stays with the Celtics for at least 3 years.
Want to have a NBA Finals watch party?
Yep the year they won all pg's they played against missed most games in the playoffs
I admit its selfish
I am going to watch the next Celtics game.  I'm just curious if they can even compete.
Spurs were beating on them until Kawhai got injured.
Seems like the top ten is pretty good.
Yeah he has got that city excited again about basketball
You have to watch the playoffs, that is when they play harder.
Not at all.  Give me overtime!
Yeah I think the fans down their are pretty excited.
You wanna bet that Golden State wins 4-2
Jews control everything, don't they?
That would be awesome, but I doubt it'll happen.
So Curry means that much to a team that already has studs everywhere?
When do the 76'ers play next?
Wow. Their season may as well be over.
Okay, so what was the final score between both teams?
Who would argue against it?
Who do you think would win?
We'll get to cheer for our team up close!
I think it's an experiment worth trying.
Man you are always right
You should really get back out there, its too much fun not to.
Sounds like good strategy to me for our sake's I hope it works
I read that Zaza Pachulia from the warriors purposefully slid his foot under Kawais foot to make him fall and injure him.
You should, it was really fun to watch.  Are you going to come over tomorrow night to watch more?
Its because they are all old and Jordan fans.
We are talking about beating a potentially all-time team
Warriors in 6 games.
Okay, so what was the final score for the two teams?
No you have to draft some of your guys.
When's the next game?
I can't believe Dirk is still playing
Imagine that in real-life. $9/hr flipping burgers but if your productivity goes down you're fired.
Who did the Detroit Pistons play against during the 2003-2004 season?
So what was the final score?
Like how? What did he do?
They still hurt. And I have rotator cuff issues. You?
No you can't be he's been like that for a while now
The Jazz.
I think The Wizards think most fans do not remember that he was one of the best shooters in the league.
Do you think George and the Lakers are a good fit?
Cleveland of course, yet again
You're a bit harsh.
Maybe they can get it back to the Clyde Drexler Portland days.
Not to mention, there's always racists in the crowd there.
But you should really start watching again!
Not to mention that his athleticism seems to still be all there.
And trade Melo?
I just can't wait for the finals. Its going to be one of the all-time great series.
Yeah its a shame to the fans and to the team
True, how else do you protect the ball?
Look, Russ has to be the guy. Has to be.
Well, the games are shorter, for one.  Also the women are a little shorter than a lot of male basketball players, so the men have it a little easier in that regard.
I hope the next game turns out like this one did.
Anyways I gotta get going, good luck to your Bulls.
none of them  new york's 1970 and 1973 teams are the only titles they have won.
Yeah kudos goes out to him. He is one tough cookie.
They play the Warriors.
I can't wait to see it.
It's completely demoralizing. It crushes the other team, the fans, and the hopes.
I saw that Durant said to not watch the playoffs if people thought they were boring.
Yea, thats still to be determined.
Well, Fingers crossed that we win the tournament over the next few weeks!
I see, so what was the final score?
Which school won the very first NCAA National Championship for Men's Basketball?
Hes shown hes better than Oden.
Do you know when the finals start?
COOL MY BROTHER THATS A BET
The Celtics already got what they wanted this season: Got a first seed, Made it to conference finals and got the first pick in the draft.
Yeah it is 3-0. They might get swept.
He is the greatest player of all-time. Did you ever see him play?
I am, the Celtics are getting killed!
Go ahead.
Yes, I watched yesterday in San Diego.  What do you think of the catcher who got hit by a pitch a few weeks back?
I thought it was perfect when he said "This league knows what I bring to the table."
No way TV Will not allow that
It's possible, but I don't think it's likely.
Larry bird was by far my favorite player. I was a teen when he was in his prime as a player.
Yeah, this is the third year in a row now.
I too am fascinated by the play offs, though I also watch extensively lots of games leading up to the play offs.
Yeah but not the NBA
Yeah I think that it needs to be reworked.
Yeah, what time is it?
Yeah Boston, Lakers and Sixers wents 1, 2, & 3.
Who've thought Boston had pep left without Thomas?
I dont know, they have really struggled for a very long time.
Yeah, he is out for the rest of the season.
You can't pick just one.
I did and it was pretty competitive.
I can believe it.
I dont know man. Seems like their winning.
Its June 22nd  at 7 EST.
I don't either. I mean Nowitzki is still there maybe they're waiting for his era to be over.
Well, he is generally regarded as the best of all time. But if he is the greatest, where are all of the rings?
Oh, I forgot the game was coming on tonight.
It was just nuts, truly, nuts
Yes I am, I want to see if GS will rest some players.
I agree. The Dwayne Wade signing was a bad decision.
Yes, I did, Spurs did pretty good the 1st half.
I did. It was a sad sight to behold.
Also, Ronny was just in Paris, so he may have assisted on this one...Thanks Mr. Turiaf!
Warriors...big time?
Harden had one of the best seasons ever.
Reggie miller
Aren't I supposed to say the Warriors will win? Isn't everyone saying that?
Yes. It was certainly closer than the previous two games.
Yep, I feel kinda bad for the poor Spurs.
Yes, that is true.
Oh I can believe it. They haven't been the same since Reggie left.
Uh, yeah, it was a great game. Cleveland blew Boston.
No way, I think that is Michael Jordan.
Nah no way i can i am stuck at home babysitting
I'm not sure. Who's playing in it again?
No. I've only heard a couple of things here and there. What are the standings?
Already? Seems like this season by went so fast..
You know, I've been wondering that.
I think it's the Warriors and the Spurs.
I think the series with Golden State is gonna be great.
I think so.
I am. It's exciting but it makes the games leading up to the Finals really boring.
No, I missed it, what happened?
Mens or womens?
Which game?
It's been awesome so far.
I did and it appears the Spurs are done.
Yup! I've been following basketball for years.
There is no team in the East who can compete with them right now
Steph Curry hands down.
Oh man ! Yes I did.
Yes, Kansas destroyed Purdue.
Not as much as I used to. What about you.
Yes I have.
No I didn't.  Who were they playing?
It's for Isaiah Thomas's sister.  She died not too long ago.
Currently playing?
My guess is the Cavaliers.
They were with Nash
I don't know.
I think it's one of the weakest moves I have ever seen
Just have one big league?
Good man. I've been trying to keep up but I don't always have time.
Yeah, it's kind of boring though.
Yea, they haven't lost in the playoffs.
Well, they figure he left them out of greed, when really he went for opportunity over at Golden State.
They are such a young and exciting team.
Things are not going the best to be honest?
No I think they need to trade it.
They will probably keep Hornacek.
Yes, but I haven't always liked him.
Yes, the Celtics won the game.
I think he ends up a Laker.
Yes I did. It was a close game
Yeah, next year he will break the record with his 12th selection.
ehh, yes and no
I guess so. I can't believe how awful these conference finals have been!
Why do you think that happened
No what did I miss?
Clearly, the Pacers. I just don't think they have the ability to convince PG to stay
Yeah, definitely. I played in high school and I like watching it.
I agree. I dont know what happened to competition.
Yeah, it was a blowout.
What do you mean?
How about Golden State?
Yeah, especially during March Madness!
That'd be Kristaps Porzingis at 7'3. Plays the Knicks
I still don't see it happening, they are bad...really bad and would still have to trade something of value.
Yeah, but Magic Johnson was named president so that is pretty cool.
I think it was pretty awesome!
Yeah, me too.
That is pretty obvious, considering how the playoffs are going.
He is good
No, of course not.
Why do they need to?
Are you kidding me?!
What about them?
I know right!
I don't know. I feel this organization is at a crossroads
Mens or womens?
Yes, the Raptors gave it their all but still fell short.
Yeah, they have been great games!
Yes, I know. There have been so many blowouts.
What about him?
Yes. It was an amazing game.  The Warriors out played them.
Depends on what they do this year
I don't think so. Lebron seems driven to take this title as quickly as possible.
Yes I did, what was the halftime score?
Yea, but Embiid can't stay healthy.
Yes. The Spurs didn't stand a chance without Kawhi Leonard.
I have, but mostly when Golden State Warriors are playing.
Yeah, the Golden state Warriors won the title.
Yeah it was great, I am surprised they won!
No, not really.  My team was put our first round.
Which game?
No.
I believe he ended up with 33.
Lol I bet the Warriors won by 60.
No they have no shot at that.
Yes, Villanova was upset by Wisconsin.
I'm not sure but I heard Michael Jordan owns them.
Yeah, they didn't play that well, but got the win.
No kidding. College basketball is the best. Especially ACC!
Oh, a massive multitude of reasons. I'll tell you over the course of 9 turns.
Yeah, I've caught several of the Spurs vs. Warriors games.
I know, Seems as though we have been waiting forever!
Because the best players decided to join on one team.
Yes, both teams shot the ball poorly.
Of course I am! You?
Why do you say that?
Unfortunately, I did. They need a whole new team to thwart LeBron!
Nah i have not had a chance to watch that game.
Everybody in this league are professionals for a reason and you cannot deny how good the Cavs look right now.
Houston and portland
Spurs and the Heat both did this before the Cavs.
Eh, not that good.
Yeah Phil Jackson hasn't earned any of that big money he is receiving.
I think San Antonio will take a game from Golden State if Kawhi Leonard returns healthy.
Yes, it was a great comeback by the Warriors.
Of course, I wouldn't have missed it.
For a while.  But it was so uncompetitive I eventually turned it off.
No I havent been watching them this playoff season.
Yes, it was pretty interesting.
No I missed the game was at work.
Scottie Pippen of course!
I think the Cavaliers will win it all
Almost, I missed the first quarter but I was able to catch the rest. What a game!
No, I didn't! What happened?
Nah man i am bummed cause i was supposed to go but i cannot go now.
I mean I like seeing dominance
Yeah I know. Leonard was having a great game.
No, they've always been irrelevant.
Yes! Pure fire.
I know, he looks like a point guard turned mountain man.
I think, they were San Antonio spurs and the Detroit Pistons.
Yeah, Golden State won 120-108.
That's awesome. I wish I played.
I can't believe Boston actually closed the gap!
What?
Yea, I wanted to. What time is it on?
Yes, the Jazz lost the game.
Yes, not surprised to see the Warriors win again.
Yeah, but they've been pretty terrible this year.
That had to be Monte Towe.
I believe April 12th.
Yeah I don't know who can guard LeBron.
Yes I noticed.
Yeah this was a bittersweet year for the Rockets
You mean do I try to fill out the brackets?
I dont think so.
I know right.  But it feels repetitive anymore.
i love basketball I have not missed a game.
They have the toughest pick at #3. There's no clear-cut choice with that pick.
What about them?
yeah they blew the celtics out!
Its hard to say normally we see this sort of play out of the East
Sort of, but it hasn't been very interesting yet.
Hmm, maybe Wilt Chamberlin.
I'm not sure Lonzo Ball seems pretty good too.
Yeah they have a good coach in Jason Kidd and the Greek Freak is the real deal
No I did not.
Yeah, but I'm not sure why.
Yeah I think they can. I think their games compliment each other
It doesn't seem that exciting
Yeah, it was totally slamming!
Nah. My mother-in-law came over and we all went out to dinner.
Its terrible what he meant to the team.
It was great!
Definitely Golden State.
Yes, it was highly competitive and went into overtime.
The lack of time players spend in college.
Yes, I've been watching since I was a kid.
Yeah. Blake Griffin is looking hot!
Me too. I love the direction that the organization is going.
Whats up why are you mad?
Not really, there have not been enough competitive games.
Yeah, not good.
Yeah I did, do you think that the Spurs are going to go on to the next round?
No I didn't, who was playing this weekend?
Yeah I did, now they are down 3-0 right?
Yeah just like most people thought
I did. I thought the Spurs were going to win.
Yep, Xavier upset Arizona.
In what respect?
The warriors are kicking butt.
I watched part of it.... Warriors just rolled over San Antonio!
What do you mean?
That's a long time ago, but I think it was the LA Lakers.
I did and North Carolina won.
I think so. I think they have the most wins this year right?
Yes, I was in the kids leagues until 8th grade or so. You?
Yeah they really are. Where do they go from here?
Oh really? Any word on who the might select?
Yes I am.
No, he will just end up fading away and hanging on to long.
Yes I am! I have to watch every game
No, I don't watch the NBA; I prefer collegiate.
Yeah I believe this organization is going in the right direction
Well, at least something went right for them this week!
Kind of, but not much recently. Why?
I'm not sure, it's either Jordan, Kobe, or Lebron
I mean he should be.
It was like 130-86....just pitiful.
For sure i am looking forward to getting some game on
Boston's doing a much better job tonight.
Clearly Russ, right?
No, I don't watch women's basketball.  It's boring.
I know he narrowly made  those free shots.
Yeah, gonna watch it at the bar, you wanna come?
i've seen quite a few of the games,especially the celtics games since i'm such a big fan of theirs.
The Cavs just have too much firepower
No I missed it.
Yeah, the Spurs don't have a chance
College or NBA?
They've been great - the best teams are coming out, obviously.
How so? What happened?
Oh my! It was so intense!
Yes, the Spurs were blown out by 21 points.
Tom chambers
A Sixer
Yeah, I've watched some games here and there.
I THINK IT IS OBVIOUS THAT THE CAVS WILL PLAY THE WARRIORS AGAIN?
Houston vs. the Cavs would have been a great series, they battled every time they played.
Yeah they are making a mockery of the league
A Tarheel! What a great player he was!
Yup, should be a great game.
You're only saying that cause you were in the Atlantic Sun.
Oh yes, he could cover up home plate better then any other coach in the majors.  He was iconic.
Knicks fans are the Jets fans of the NBA
Or a sign of worse things to come
Ha! That is probably exactly what would happen.
That was sad to see but it was a by-product of how hard he played the game.
Same here, only a couple of more weeks to go.
Indeed, and I am so stoked about it.
He was a great player a couple years ago, he could hit really long 3 pointers!
Just have to wait and see how salaries rise or fall
Yeah, what's up with that?
Wouldn't surprise me to see the Lakers take Josh Jackson instead.
Should be pretty darn exciting.
Yea, I dont think the cavs will be letting him go anytime soon.
It is my favorite sport!
he played 1072 games and scored 32292 points. Almost 500 games less than Jabbar.
That's correct. Gonzaga simply hit more shots than South Carolina and that is why they won the game.
Maybe they have enough talented to get them past the Cavaliers.  It will be a challenge.
Yea, thats been established.
I think so, especially now that he's playing with a chip on his shoulder due to the MVP voting.
My thoughts exactly. They got a lot of work to do, but I do love their owner, Mark Cuban.
I honestly never understood this reasoning. It's like saying "Kobe wouldn't have won if Prime Jordan was still playing"
See you in a few.
Sounds about right to me. I'm pumped for the offseason, will another superteam emerge
Oh yeah, Lebron is definitely going to be playing to prove something.
Yeah, but it's always about the money
He sure is, he isn't afraid of anyone.
Yes, I agree. I guess we will have to wait and see.
GU is set at the guard position. If we can polish it off with an immediate impact big (grad transfer) and maybe chase jeter to stash away for next year, we'll be set (jj Jones to get the last scholly?).
Well, just my own intuition. Nothing official yet.
And so was Westbrook.
Wes unseld
Sounds good. Let's find out.
It has never been done. If it happens this year it would be the first time in history.
I don't think so. It will be very difficult for the Spurs to beat the Warriors without Kawhi.
Maybe next year for the Spurs.
One can hope.
It is a dill,see you.
Thanks I love baseketball.
Cool i will check it out.
Yeah, every team could stand to learn better defense.
That's true. I guess even if I lost the games I'd still win in the bank department.
Come on they got this!
Warriors over Cavs in 6.
Well there will never be another Michael Jordan.
Oh yeah, I saw Durant do that.
They're young and could use solid veteran leadership. Actually, so could a team like the Sixers.
It depends on these next five years. If he wins 2 more championships, I believe we have to.
Golden State, they're looking for revenge after last year.
I think your priorities are off.
Oh, yeah their parking always sucks.
7 for sure.
I agree, the Dubs may win this year but LeBron is a closer and may win it all.
And when they become well-known players they hopefully feel some loyalty to the Knicks!
Well at least the Finals should be a lot more competitive.
I still do not subscribe to your viewpoint.
We will see what Kevin Durant has to say about that haha.
Purdue only scored 66 points while Kansas scored 98 points.
Nope. I'm still too short.
I did..that sucks!
Somebody new will rise to the top for the Bulls.  You'll see.
38-51?  Well, at least it's only 13 points.
That reminds me sprite had a commercial about it. But in real life, no. The shortest player to ever dunk on the standard size basket was 5'5 I believe.
Can't wait to see who wins!
Maybe Steve Nash is free?
You do have a point.
Someone should have told him that before he signed on the dotted line.
Or have it rotate.
Me too, I was thinking about having a party at my house if you and the guys want to come watch!
Yeah, and he deserves to win too.
Yes we will. yes we will
Yeah, but the Jazz looked even better.
I agree. Almost all of the pieces are there.
I will do that for sure
Yea he seems like he may be their core.
Some people predict it will be Markelle Fultz.
The Western Conference looks exciting this year too, so the Finals should be entertaining to watch.
The Celtics won with 115 points while the Wizards only scored 105 points.
Yeah, pretty sick of all of the political crap.
9 PM on ESPN. I hope the Warriors win it.
Yes, third with 102 points.
perhaps EVERYTHiNG else in the world that has relevance, not a price
We'll so about that.
Well the NBA needs better shooters I can say that
Ok thanks I will watch him play.
Trading Jimmy would give them a fresh start. Which they won't take
Yeah, I can imagine. Unfortunately, I don't think the Spurs will even be getting to the championship series this year, but maybe next year.
They are still out  there under tables and chairs.
People would then have to admit that Lebron just might be the best NBA player of all time.
Ya their colors are good.
This is true!
It should be fun to watch them grow in the NBA.
Yeah, really fat guys can't run even when they get the fumble and usually fall down because they can't coordinate their bodies well in running. Similar thing with the really tall basketball players.
32
We should go see a game next weekend.
I am sure they will, they are a great team.
I think they keep passing on "good" shots to try and get "even better" shots.  Sometimes, you just gotta cut loose.
That is true. They'll put up a good fight.
Well, if Pachulia is in the league, anything can happen.
And, lower seeds, too. Got it.
They all collude together.
Yeah, that's true...bad match up
We will see.
He is not done yet!
Yep they will stay in the middle of the pack
It's like the Big Ten and American are great regular-season conferences, but awful in the tournament.
The Cavs won with 109 points while the Raptors only scored 102 points.
I had no idea! What an interesting factoid.
Hey, remember how we used to shoot hoops nonstop for hours in your driveway when we were in junior high?
Yes of course!
You got it. I'll take the Warriors that they will win the finals.
Well the Sixers have a terrible medical staff
Yeah, and at least with games every other day, the series will be over soon and they can turn to the draft.
No and I still can't believe it was in the conference finals.
Yea, lets see it!
I don't know but they better figure something out very quickly.
Well Im rooting for the Warriors!!!
I think they played against the San Antonio Spurs.
Totally.
The Grizzlies will take them down again next season.
That we will.
Still it's fun to watch these guys play
Oh yeah! Bring on round 3!
I feel sad for New York.
Yeah he needs a strong supporting cast around him in my opinion.
Wisconsin won the game with 65 points while Villanova only scored 62 points.
Of course he is Jordan.
Me, too; I think they can do it if Klay Thompson gets going.
That will be a great game. Looking forward to seeing them play at Fed Ex Field. Go Hokies!
I wish I could be a professional Cards Against Humanity player. Same level of being a jerk, but no rules.
That's fair I guess. Safety and health first, even if it means losing games.
I disagree, the Cavs are just too dominant right now, I think LeBron goes back to back.
Good point.
Exactly, the low turnovers helped Carolina and hurt Gonzaga.
Yeah, yeah...go Cavs!
I think he is fool's gold. I'm going to say that Wall never wins a championship.
Gordon Hayward....would you come and play for the Celtics?
I would say Chris is pretty amazing on the team to be honest.
I saw the Cavs in 5.
Oscar robertson
Lmao get a grip on yourself. Hell will freeze over before that happens.
That we do. We'll see what happens.
Me too. He is not getting any younger
Really, you better be worried about a Leonard if he come back healthy. It'll be the second year in a row ya'll blow a lead.
Yes. This series is over.
Wonder how that will turn out!
Well, I guess we'll find out soon enough.  Go Cavs!
Ok I will will watch his next game and enjoy the show.
Kentucky won with 86 points while UCLA scored 75 points.
Not anymore, the old one broke.
Me too, friend. Me too.
At least he has already won 3 NBA championships
Sure, sounds great! I'll see you there. Go Spurs!
Great! Well I'll have to watch the game then.
Sure will be perfect.
He will be good too just not as good as Ben
No chance
Might just be size: tiny AI vs huge Kobe and Shaq.
It's gonna be awesome.
He played for the  Southwest Atlanta Christian Academy.  He was an unknown until the NBA snapped him up.
Yes, Kobe Bryant was the MVP that season and he was my favorite player too.
I agree with you on that one.
I hope so.
Good, a free throw.  And Boston's up one again.
Now, will he, or can he stay healthy enough for that?
We're seeing it play out in the playoffs!
The Warriors scored 102 points while the Jazz made 91 points.
Because they have a 7 foot 2 guy they call the Greek freak who can handle the ball, shoot 3's and drive past other 7 footers.
Chef curry with the shot!
No, the era of great basketball players seems to be over.
Yes and no, this goes back to the arguement of a great player on a bad team.
I'm impossible to defend, like Golden State.  They will win two out of the last three championships.  Scoreboard!
Yes it is the best basketball league in the world.
I hope so. It was a successful year for that organization.
You might be right, but sometimes all th matters is who is winning.
You dont know that for a fact!
It would at least make it somewhat interesting!
Should be fun to watch.
Even then, I don't think it's a good move. Fultz is the best prospect to come around in the last five years.
Sure! That'd be awesome.
Yeah that is just unfair.
He will always be the greatest euro player
It's kind of like watching a train wreck!
I don't know, I still think the Warriors will win
Yea, but usually a few don't pan out.
I'm excited just watching these guys play
Ok I will do that.
Let's just get the real party started.  The finals!
Yeah the Pelicans are definitely a team to watch out for.
I think you are right
Yes, they do.
Me too.
Yeah pretty much thats what I am saying
They are playing next Tuesday at home.  I can't wait to watch them again.
Agreed. It would take a miracle for Boston to win the series now.
Wisconsin had 83 points while Florida scored 84 points.
Players union definitely would not.
I think the Cavaliers will win again.
That too.
I do too. It's going to be an exciting year for the Lakers
It is just cooler heads prevail bro
Maybe I'll go and try to find a pick up game later this week.
Yeah my guess is if does work the whole league will adopt it.
I heard the same thing too but I hope that its not true, talk about bad karma!
Yeah sure, sounds great.  See you then.
I think Lebron is better to be honest, just never had the Hall of Fame teammates like he did.
Yeah that would be an amazing accomplishment
I think the Cavs will win in 7.
Xavier had 73 points and Arizona had 71 points.
I dont think you have to
Tonight at 8:30 pm
I think next season will be his last.
Meanwhile in the NBA, if you miss 2/3 of your shots, you still are rich. It's crazy.
They played against the LA Lakers and won 4 out of 5 games.
Kentucky had 73 points while North Carolina had 75 points.
He threw the ball at him, berated him so many times right after each play.
No injuries for me, luckily. Sorry about your experiences.
Yeah, so they knew that when they signed him.
That's surprising.
That and I think that most fans do not remember that he brought Us our Last Championship ring!
NO! They are young, real young and George wants to win now.
I agree. Lebron is at his prime
No...and they lost at home. By nearly 50. In the conference finals.
Wouldn't that be phenomenal!
It's sad. A great historical city, but a few bad apples can ruin a town's reputation in a hurry.
Maybe I will- maybe we'll see each other at the Garden!
Yeah, he still can move like he used to.
Yeah he has to be the first move
I want everyone to be healthy. Both teams playing great basketball we should have no excuse.
I hope that the new guy is good see you soon.
Exactly!
We will see soon.
Oh, I see.  I didn't know the games were shorter.  Good to know.  I may just have to check it out.
Me too it is rather fun when it is close.
Haha have fun with your wife...and I guess good luck to the Clippers *groans*.... I guess...
oh, the teams with reed, frazier, and debusschere.  well nice talking to you and for your own sake, consider rooting for another team.
I guess you have to be tough when you are only about 5 feet and 9 inches.
I will make sure to watch that series.
Me to, I will watch every game.
True...but cruel, man.
Yeah - that's shocking. I can't imagine one of your top players ever encouraging fans not to watch the playoffs.
It sure is, but only time will tell I g uess.
Exactly! I have my toes crossed too.
The Rockets scored 125 points while the Spurs only managed 104 points.
Oregon
I second that for sure.
I think it'll be about a week from now depending on how the conference finals go.
ALL RIGHT MAN TALK TO YOU AT THE START OF THE SERIES.
I would say this was a success, the only thing better would be a ring.
I think they will get swept for sure.
Yes, I saw him play for the Chicago Bulls. He was amazing.
I know, when is the next game?
I hate when awesome division I powerhouses pay awful schools to play.
It was pretty amazing that he came back and hit a home run in his first game.
The same people who say they are tired of the same teams in the NBA finals every year will say they loved the NBA from 87-98.
But what is the point of all the games then?
I don't, either. But, if you had to choose one of the two to go undefeated, who would it be?
I kind of missed out on the 1981 championship as I was only 7. But I remeber the 1984 and 1986 championships very well.
It should be a good tie breaker. Who do you think wins?
Yeah I get that, I wish that I could watch more often, though time and circumstance may not always afford me that opportunity.
What do you watch then?
So you wouldnt eliminate it altogether?
It starts at 8:30.  Who are you rooting for?
I had no doubt that the Celtics and Lakers would be 1 & 2.
Yeah, I thought they were done.
Those days are over, the future is very bright in New Orleans.
Wanna go to the bar and watch the NBA finals?
That's why I asked who do YOU think is the greatest.
What was the final score?
Why do you say that?
Thats what elite players do I guess.
Where is the draft again?
Yeah, but I don't think you can afford to do that
He might not have the most rings but he helped bring Basketball to mainstream America with his crossovers.
It comes on tonight at 8:30.
LeBron is amazing, and cruel
Do you think the Spurs are looking at the long term picture rather than the now?
He didn't fit with this offense
They ended the first half a little ahead, and I thought maybe they might have a chance.
What is going on with the Celtics?
Listed as 6'4" with a 6'8" wingspan. Wow! He's very young.. if we land Brown this weekend, is Ayayi a Redshirt candidate?
Oh...how much did they win by?
He played out of his mind.
Did you see the Knicks game last night
I guess they are. Everyone does say it.
Who won?
I know right. They were blown out by 36 points.
Lebron is in his prime and Irving just makes them better.
I agree. Did you catch the score against the Lakers?
Lebron was magnificent.
Why?
Thats a shame i was wanting to go tonight.
The Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors are in the finals.
Currently on the west coast Golden State are ahead of the Spurs 3 to zero game wise.
I'm kind of relieved since baseball is in full effect by now
They have so many good players. How do they fit under the cap?
Oh cool.  I'm not a fan of either team.
Don't be too quick to say that. The Spurs are not done yet.
You don't think the Knicks are going to try to use him as trade fodder?
I know. There hasn't been a competitive series that has involved those teams.
The Cavs blew out the Celtics by 40 points.
Womens.
The Shiners and the Warriors game.
Yeah I really love the Celtics.
Yeah, without Kahwi Leonard out the Spurs really have no chance down 3 games to zero.
What's your favorite team?
They are undefeated in the playoffs
So LeBron isnt on that list anymore?
How embarrassing is that for the Boston Celtics to lose by that many point ?
Really, I figured Purdue would at least be more competitive.
I watch as many games as I can, including college and professional.
They have got a lot better!
They were playing the Celtics.
He's had no luck lately, has he?
Yes, as of now.
Are you a fan of the Cavaliers?
I agree. Once Gortat showed up, it all went bad.
Why do you say that?
Yeah, you know it's bad when I agree with Stephen A. Smith
No just go into a conference?
It's been a lot of fun to watch, you've missed some good games let me tell you.
I thought it was just me!
Are they even gonna lose? This is amazing.
How great is the OKC Thunder?
They really are and I absolutely love Karl Anthony Townes.
Why not?
They could use Fultz.
Will Carmelo Anthony be on the team next year?
What do you mean by that?
Who was the Celtics' leading scorer?
Oh really. How would that happen.
Do you remember the final score?
All I want to know is who voted Lebron the the 4th team.
Lebron seems to be unstoppable though right?
Every game has been a blow out.
Guys dont care about shooting
Man he is a super human.
Agreed, their best chance is to convince the Lakers to give up a good piece to acquire George
Oh cool, I played in high school as well, but only junior varsity.
Lebron James and the Warriors happened.
The Cavs were winning by 41 points at halftime.
Do you think the Warriors will win the Championship?
Well I think Cleveland has a great shot.
The tournament was great this year wasn't it?
Who's the tallest ever?
Do you think the Lakers become a contender with George?
I'm a huge fan of Magic Johnson.
Warriors just bowled them over.
So, you been watching the games much?
You're right. So do you think the Cavaliers have a chance?
I agree. It's too bad there is a lot of negativity there.
Why is that?
I think its unfair the worst team doesnt get the best pick.
Why, what?
Well, they have a nice core.
He has been in the league 14 years!
Yeah they have to figure out if the Lowry Demarr Derozan tandem is going to work going forward
Mens of course. The womens are all the same.
Who was the Raptors' leading scorer?
Did you see Leonard get injured?
Right.  How about the way the Celtics were demolished by the Cavaliers the other night.  Man, that was ugly.
Apparently he removed Russell Westbrook from his phone contacts.
I couldn't believe Steph Curry and Kevin Durant's performance. Did you see that dunk in the first period by Durant?
In free agency?
Yeah, they haven't lost a game these playoffs, have they?
I can't believe Cleveland was up by 30 points at halftime.
Oh no, hes healthy and domiant.
I know but they still have Lamarcus Aldridge.
I know.  I love Golden State. I love Steph Curry especially.
Who did they play against in the finals?
Did you bet any money on the game?
Oh yeah, who's your team?
The Warriors and the Spurs.
I heard they might be better off without Isaiah Thomas
Do you think the Celtics will match up better without Thomas playing?
Actually the Knicks were up for most of the game
Do the Warriors go 16-0 in the playoffs?
Wow, I didn't see that coming.
Did he play for them?
Well, it wasn't that hard with Leonard out for the Spurs, and Parker already gone for the series.
Did you see that Grayson Allen is coming back for his senior year?
Okay, that's weirdly specific, but go ahead.
Ooh, I hope you're not a Spurs fan.
It's obvious those were to two best teams in the league this year hands down.
The Spurs are pretty good too though.
Yea, it was a weird game for both teams.
No, I can't stand to watch LeBron.
I just feel like they didn't live up to their potential all of the way
Yes, and it isn't just Lebron, either. Kevin Love and Kyrie are both top 15 players!
Do you got it prerecorded or something?
I feel the Celtics are 2 years ahead of schedule.
Who was the first ever NBA lottery pick?
Yeah but Cavs look like they will sweep their way to the finals. All of the regular season indicators had them struggling somewhat to make the finals.
Why don't you think so? Its okay
What an absolutely embarrassing time to be a Knicks fan.
Is Lebron James the G.O.A.T.?
Did you see when Kawhi Leonard got injured?
Game 3 of the series is pretty big one.
Me too.  I can't believe how one-sided it is.
It is quite a show.
Who was UCLA's leading scorer.
How much does a basketball weigh?
You don't like Jordan the best?
Really???? I thought you would've been a Warriors fan.  Steph Curry is a beast
It sure was! It was pretty close the whole time.
Oh it was crazy! I can't believe you missed it....
Why were you not able to go
So you dont mind seeing the same teams win?
I bet the Spurs would be winning the series if he played.
Sort of--they mostly are, but during the AI years they were decent.
Lebron was killing it.
I think the Spurs are good enough to make it to the finals at least.
Do you remember the MVP of the NBA 2004-2005 season?
The game was close in the first quarter.
Lance is leaving the team so you could always try out for his spot.
I know!  Tied at 99?
If we look at the points per game, Jabbar doesn't really rank that high.
It's at 8:30pm EST.
Who led the Warriors in points?
Kevin Durant was on fire.
I know, they should have just skipped the playoffs and had the finals.
Didn't he play professionally also?
Would you take Jordan or Russell?
They will win back to back championships.
He is from there.
I agree. I mean a lot of people didn't think they would have a good year
Well, that, but also do you watch all the games?
They have to break up that team.
I agree.  It is always Golden State and Cleveland
I grew up watching greats like Magic Johnson and Larry BIrd.
Yeah, it's not like the first and second pick.
All the favorites are winning.
biggest loss in lebron james history which is crazy
Do you think its just spreading to the NBA?
I know.  The Celtics might as well just stay home.
What about Michael Jordan?
Yea, I just don't know much about those top guys.
This kid can do everything! pass, block, score et cetera
It was amazing basketball.
What do you mean?
I agree with you on that one.
I know, it is clear that it will be golden state and cleveland again
How do blacks get so good at jumping?
You missed a decent game, bro.
Cant someone else step up?
Did you see that last minute shot at the buzzer?
What about from the East?
Who was the leading scorer for Wisconsin?
You dont think its arrests?
What's your favorite team?
You're funny. You never want to talk about the actual game.
I mean bringing in Magic Johnson will definitely help this team
I am getting annoyed because the team is doing shitty.
I agree, hopefully the finals makes up for it.
The refs were terrible
I really hope so, the Spurs are my team but it seems like they can never beat the warriors!
The Warriors against the San Antonio Spurs played last night, it was a great game.
Yeah, its crazy they were up 25 in the first game then blew the lead.
I was really hoping for something different but oh well
I thought they were going to win also until that guy got hurt.
Wow, who led Xavier in scoring.
Perennial playoff contenders.
Oh yeah. what's the score?
Yea, looks like they are on the verge of a sweep.
Teams like the Magic, Knicks, Pistons, 76ers, Suns, Lakers, Timberwolves.
Was Shaquille O'Neal the MVP that season?
Oh really. Who led North Carolina in scoring?
Yeah. But remember what happened last year.
Yeah, I played until early high school. Why did you stop?
Milsap is got to be their top priority
Either Markelle Fultz or Lonzo Ball from what I've heard.
Do you watch the games on tv or listen on the radio?
How tall is Joakim Noah?
What do you think of how it went so far?
Did you at least hear about it?
I mean that backcourt is already one of the best in the league
I know! Cleveland has just destroyed them so far in the series.
Just curious if you've been a fan of the celtics!
Definitely, I agree.
I cant believe theres talk of trading him
Even the Bulls would've put up more of a fight than this (with a healthy Rondo).
I know we have not done so in quite some time
Yeah, only down by 12 right now.
Yea, I guess, but I don't know. He had to lead there.
Are you kidding me?  So have you ever even seen them play?
If only he had made them the team would have won the game
Nah my wifes excited to watch it with me
Oh.  I'm a Knicks fan so, as usual, they are not in the playoffs.
Yeah, as much as I love Isiah Thomas, he doesn't have enough help
Man you should have seen Lebron.
I know, even with Lenoard, they probably would have only won one game.
It doesn't matter.
Definitely, the Warriors and Cavs are really showing off what they have. No surprise, I suppose.
Well, they traded Stauskas, picks, and pick swaps for nothing and It didn't work.
I know, I can't stand Duke and it was so nice to see them lose.
Oh really, how did that happen?
What year was Wilt's 100 point game?
No kidding? Which one?
Yeah, same here. I also follow the games and stuff on NBA.com and ESPN.com
YEP THEY ARE THE TWO BEST TEAMS WITHOUT A DOUBT.
Cavs fans will be in for a rude awakening when they get to the finals and realize that the Warriors aren't the Celtics.
I mean they just don't have enough firepower.
Do you remember who some of his teammates were?
I think it's tonight.
You mean, pay-to-lose?
I agree, it was pretty phenomenal.  Do you think the pitcher hit him on purpose?
EXACTLY!!!! When the Lakers, pistons, bulls and rockets were the only teams to win championships in that 12 year span
Iron out seeding in my opinion.
I'd probably go with the Warriors.
It was such a memorable time and team. I will never forget it.
It's tough to say, both are playing great basketball right now.
Who are you hoping will make their way to the play offs this season?
Usually college basketball
No I think that it could cause problems.
I wanted the Celtics to win, but they're getting crushed right now.
Oh, did you think it would be fixed.
Baker came out of nowhere tonight.
You may be right, what makes you think they are going to turn the corner?
Sorry,m hanging with my girl tonight.
I can tell you my favorites first
South Carolina had 73 and Gonzaga had 77.
Any team with Isaiah Thomas is a threat.  He is amazing
Yea, Lebron just has it. He's the best there is.
Brooklyn at the Barclays center.
You're right! Especially in the Western Conference.
I think Jordan is the most prolific basketball player that was able to do everything, from defense to offense.
I should come over.
With Isiah out, the Celtics are done
Yeah, if not they would be playing Leonard now.
No he didn't. Matter of fact this whole roster didn't fit
I had my doubts, as the Spurs are down two to one and don't have Leonard or Parker playing.
I think that they were simply overmatched.
In the past we've been told that coaches preferred not to redshirt players from overseas. Larsen redshirted primarily because he got hurt.
A lot. I think it was over 20 points.
I think that has to do with the guys around him.
Yes it was a close call
So doesn't that end the conversation?
Golden State won. They are now up 3-0 in the series.
Yep, it was pretty sad.
Do not forget Kevin Love.
I think it was something like 92-85. Disappointing.
He played like never before
Well, he is a great baller.
You can go but catch some highlights for me though at least.
Again? That's crazy.
What about on the east coast?
I hear ya, i wish they wouldnt have the NHL playoffs at the same time as basketball.
I dont know. Iguodala is still very well paid.
Yeah, me either but I enjoy watching basketball.
Yeah, but Leonard is not gonna play game 4 either.
I think they might, but I don't think they'll get as much in return as they could have gotten two or three years ago.
It's great for the league to have two really good teams, but it makes the playoffs worse until the finals.
Yeah, that's about what I expected.
I have no idea. I don't watch that because it's crap. Whichever UConn is in.
No!  I didn't know they were playing last night.
I do to but I don't think they are going to win.
True, but they still have two big man. Both Pau Gasol and LeMarcus Aldridge are playing poorly.
The NY Knicks.
Yeah I know they have been dominating the competition.
No his time has passed.
I know, right ?
They were in the first half, but they fell apart in the second half.
Yeah? Well, I usually check out the scores, but don't really watch many games. Whose you favorite pro team?
Yes!  And the record shows it.
Oh, I love the Boston team.  Sorry I missed it.
Right?  And out for the rest of the series.
Did you know there have only been 25 players who were listed as being 59 or shorter?
Not really, but I like LeBron.
Yeah and Scola and Beasley.
It's not going to be a good game?
My thoughts exactly. He could have went anywhere else.
So eliminate division winners?
Well tell me! You know I love the Spurs.
It will end up being Cleveland v Golden State again I think.
I doubt it. Look who they have.
They could do better, but the season is young.
This guy is a beast and a future All-star
The teams down by five and the second half is almost over
They may be able to but I dont think they need it to be good.
I think he will ask for a trade to a team that could contend for a championship.
Well when he first came into the league, I thought he was a showboat.
Thomas led the team with 29 points.
Lakers make some trades to get him.
Warriors won. 120-108
I know, crazy right. I can't wait to see once they release the full details of voting.
well, that's just it, is he really unstoppable athletically or just a cash cow?
Not only that, the Spurs and Celtics both lost their best player.
That cant be true
Oh really is he big?
Would the Lakers actually do it?
That's cool. I played through high school on both junior varsity and varsity.
Yea, can we just fast forward to that series already.
I didn't even watch the second half.
No way.
They have steamrolled through the playoffs thus far.
It was good basketball. Less upsets than usual though.
That'd be two players. Manute Bol and Gheorghe Muresan. Both at 7'7
No way- they still don't have enough.
Did you know that he was inducted in the basketball hall of fame twice?
Yeah they took a 3-0 lead.
Well, I tried to keep up with Notre Dame, but they're not doing so great.
With the way Lebron is playing right now, I certainly believe they'll give the Warriors a good run.
No, it's not. He will grow out of it.
I'm totally on board for the no. 1 seed to lose to an 8/9 in the second round, but there is too much discrepancy.
I think its to discourage tanking.
The Cavs destroyed them.
Eh, the Cavs are no competition for them.
That is a long time.
I just feel like they can't get any further with this tandem
Again, you're sexist. I'd have to say the American conference.
Ibaka led the team with 23 points.
Yeah, I feel bad for the Spurs.
The Celtics are definitely done.  They might have had a slight chance against the Cavs but now that they've lost Thomas there's no way.
Are you serious? Wow...how do you know?
Yes. He just blew in and dunked the ball as if no one was there.
Combination of both
No, and the Celtics have now dropped seven, so they've only saved themselves one game to rest.
I still don't believe they won't by almost 50.
Idk but if he isnt the core doesnt look as good.
Yes, but he is not as good as Kawhi.
Me too. I like them because they are humble.
They were playing against Cleveland Cavaliers.
Yeah, I did. I bet around one thousand and won five thousand.
The Memphis Grizzlies.  Yours?
Oh.  No, I didn't catch it.  Who won?
That's nonsense. He's their best player
I think they might because they can't rely on him all the time and someone will have to step up.
On the Warriors?  Did their starters take the night off?
I cant see that happening.
Yep, Villanova couldn't make shots.
I'm not sure.
And to add to that for San Antonio, David Lee got hurt during the game.
Yes, what a jerk. I'm sure no NBA team would touch that cheater baby.
The referees don't penalize flopping.
I mean, I was, until these last three games.
Yeah, I've been quite disappointed with the rest of the playoffs up to this point, blow out after blow out!
Yeah, but too bad Pachulia took out Leonard.
Gonzaga only hit 33% of their shots.
Yeah, his complete and utter dominance of his opponents must be intimidating to watch for a Warriors fan like yourself.
I hear you, but I just feel like they went as far as their talent could take them.
Irving may even be top five himself.He is amazing.
Most definitely i did.
Right, they had a great season AND have the #1 pick.
Patrick ewing
Lebron is large part of that since the teams success mostly hinges on how he plays. But 99% of teams cannot do this or have this approach.
Eh, just no real competition.
They have totally disrespected Carmelo Anthony. Though he has brought some of this on himself.
I think so because the bulls were still a great team without Michael and if they had added another superstar when he left, they could've won the championship.
Yes, he landed on Pachulia's foot when he shot the ball.
Yeah, with the Spurs being down 0-2 in the series this one was cruicial for them.
I know Lebron is unstoppable and all, but the Celtics are supposed to be the number one team in the East and lost by almost 50 points at home!
Is KD taking over?
Leaf and Hamilton both scored 17 points for UCLA.
No idea, not that heavy though.
No, Scottie Pips all the way.
Yeah I agree, but I THINK Lebron is too much for them.
Yeah, the Spurs struggled a little bit in the 2nd and 3rd quarters it looked like. Cost them the game in the long run.
Just tell me what went down!
My car broke down so no way there now.
Not at all, I can appreciate greatness
Yeah, it sucks when a bad player from the other team does something like that.
Okay. And?
I know, did you see how he was moving up and down that court.
Keep wishing.  They are flimsy and prone to injuries.
Yes, it was Tim Duncan from the Spurs.
After that quarter, the Warriors controlled the game.
When is he leaving?
Oh, Cleveland's up 2 again.
But he's a legend everyone says.
Ok, cool. Who do you think will win?
Durant scored 38 points.
He is amazing to watch as he can drive to the hoop or hit a 3 pointer.
Everyone already knew we were getting a final's trilogy.
Yes, for the Denver Nuggets.
In todays game, Jordan...40 years ago Russell.
I don't see them beating Golden State.
Yes I think thats great.
Yeah most pundits predicted they would finish toward the bottom of the standings.
No, I like basketball, but that's too many games.  I watch a good amount and check out scores and highlights for others.
Theyve comitted money to other guys though
Yeah, though this year they haven't made it yet.
Yes, I miss the good old days of competitive NBA playoff games.
This is a two-player draft. Then after that, it's up in the air with 6 really good players.
Yeah, it's been blowout city.
Yeah seems like a collision course with the warriors is bound to happen
As in it being too top heavy?
They must be dreading the next game.  How embarrassing!
Only won six championships.
I know Lonzo Ball has a crazy dad.
He may be the best player in the league one day
Oh really, why is that?
Well, Cleveland just beat the Celtics by 55 and the Spurs are hurt.
Cousins can play with his back to the basket a little better and Davis can do a little bit of everything.
Same as last year
It probably has something to do with genetics.
How many points did Durant score?
You would think so, right?
Yeah, that was awesome!
Cleveland. The only question is who will win that series?
Hayes led the team with 22 points.
I cant remember the last time players got arrested.
I grew up in New York, so I love the Knicks.
What do you mean? I love the game!
I concur. He is just what this organization needs going forward.
I have not had the time to catch the game yet how shitty are they doing?
I sure hope so, LeBron and the warriors are playing so well.
they missed some really important call
Yeah I know it, especially since Tony Parker is out for the rest of the playoffs.
Really, what was the score?
Losing Kahwi hurt them.
Yeah me too. Who do you think wins it all?
Who was it that got hurt? I didn't see the play.
Bluiett scored 25 points for Xavier.
Geez its tough to envision that right now.
Warriors 3 Spurs 0.
I don't know, remember what happened last year to the warriors in the finals.
Yeah, what about them?
Yes, it was Shaquille O'Neal, you're right.
Justin Jackson scored 19 points.
The Cavaliers won, barely, and in game 7. The Warriors are better this year though.
Well, I was forced to do it in the first place. And, bullying.
Indeed. He is their best player
Cool. Who got 2nd dibs?
I watch the Wizards on the tv.
I want to say around 6'11....I could be off a little though.
It's been so one sided and unfair
Yeah, I saw a lot of people from Cleveland posting about it on Facebook.
Mccullom and Damian Lilliard are almost unstoppable.
On their own home court!
I guess I'd say I am, but i haven't been watching lately.
Who do you think is the best though?
The franchise in disarray
I'm not saying Bulls would win the series but they'd at least win ONE game.
Yeah it used to be a weekly thing we would play some basketball.
How about that sweet 3-pointer by Cleveland before?
So did Harden, didn't he?
No, why would I watch them?  Women are so much less aggressive and can't make shots
Yeah he was like hitting the rim and they bounced off.
Youre so lucky your wife loves sports, living the dream.
Wow! A knicks fan! i give you credit for admitting you root for those guys.
I mean the Cavs are just bullying them
What did he do?
I know, and without him they probably will get swept.
The tip-off.
Yeah - I think it's going to be a rematch of the last two years.
True, they needed to clear space for free agents and they got none anyway.
Yeah it was. I could not believe Butler did that to Hansbrough
The Rockets hit a lot of three pointers.
1962
I think Saric should
I should check those out.  Who do you like in the Finals?
PLUS IT WILL MAKE IT A MORE INTERESTING FINALS AT LEAST.
All I'm saying is that the Warriors aren't going to leave Kyle Korver open for 3 every possession.
Also with Kawhi Leonard out this series has been a joke
Yes, there was Scottie Pippen.
Is it in Cleveland or Boston?
Yup. It happens in football too.
I believe these guys are professionals and have great control but in the same sense they are human.
Whats your favorite "player"
So cut the season down and playoffs in half.
Even with LeBron James playing as well as he has been?
My father and I used to watch the games together. My father was one heck of a basketnball player.
Definitely! The Cavalliers just beat the Celtics by like 40!
I'm a huge fan of the Chicago Bulls.
Do you have a favorite team?
Teams would just join up together?
Yeah, 86 points last game?  That's embarrassing.
Well, it's hard to ignore that.
They all played well.
They got Demarcus Cousins and Anthony Davis!
Who is your favorite NBA team?
Go on.
Oh, I see. Who lead the teams in scoring?
He is definitely a good player.  A very hardworker.
Well I cant deny that. He just goes into another level in the playoffs.
Who do you think the Celtics will draft?
You cannot afford to be mediocre. Either you suck or you add pieces to get better through free agency
True.  People can claim that people have done much more impressive things than him, like Wilt Chamberlain's 100, Bill Russell's 11 rings and Kareem's with the most points ever.
You are gonna have to wear your jersey.
Pretty much. They just don't have The Guy to stand up to superteams
If you had to pick one to start a team around, right now....Lebron or Curry.
I have no idea what this organization is trying to do
The youngsters did a pretty good job trying to keep up the second half, but just couldn't quite do it.
Lebron just did whatever he wanted to out there.
Could be a crowded backcourt next year!
Let me check it out on the ESPN App
Yeah they werent that good.
Would you ever become a basketbal, player
It only ends it if you want it to. Do you think the warriors will win?
What was the score?
Well, what can you do when the star player is injured?
The Warriors are good too.
They have only won one game this season. Super disappointing.
How much did hi scored last night?
How come?
I am hoping to do more than just catch a few highlights.
They're the best teams in the league by far.
The Celtics and the Cavaliers are playing but the Cavaliers are ahead in 2 to 0.
Anyways I also think theres too many teams in the playoffs, its not even competitive til the conference finals most years.
You know what I think they did?
The game the other night was good I heard.
That is not good. Hopefully Golden State realizes that they beat an injured team.
He's still an All-Star!
And it'll probably be the same next year. I can't see Lebron declining anytime soon.
This just isn't going to be competitive.
Okay then. How about mens?
Yeah, the Shiners killed the Warriors.
You don't, so who do you think is going to win?
I think even with Leonard the Spurs would not win the series, but probably two games.
Have they been doing well lately?
Just to think a lot of pundits were worried about this team before the playoffs
So if you take him off the Cavaliers the results wont wane too much?
Yeah, they didn't even try to come back.
Who led Purdue in scoring?
I grew up in California, so I always root for the Lakers.
Do you think they could have beat Boston in the second round?
It was a pretty good game, fairly evenly matched all night.
Nice try at a 3-pointer there, Cavs.
That doesn't answer my question.
Oh, I'm just not much of a fan of his.
I miss the Nash days.
That's true, but not like anything else is going to be on.
And then to go to the team that you should have beaten last year!
Yes that way seeding would be correct
I was amazed at how well they've done so far, I was into Houston.
Me too. Do you think they'll both sweep?
Yea, but the Spurs are a team and they still can't come close.
Did you see that half-court shot?
He is putting up crazy numbers and on top of that they have Wiggins, Lavine and Rubio.
Sounds pretty stressful
So what do they do with it?
Which team will draft Lonzo Ball?
I can see your point of view there.
What about the Wizards? Who was their leading scorer?
It would be amazing to seem him stay in SoCal, but can you really build a team around h im.
Kevin Durant was incredible in the third quarter.
I don't think Anthony Davis should have been first team, do you?
does it matter if you watch the whole series anyway?
Oh yeah, right. Spurs haven't had Kawhi since game 1, Celtics just lost IT for the rest of the play-offs.
Sure it is, look how many guys just drive the lane
No, he looks like a small guy out there.
What we know from Magic when he joined the Dodgers, the man loves a splash
Oh wow, you must have been pretty good.
That would be better. Those teams are gonna be squaring off.
Lebron was doing pretty much anything he wanted.
Why is that?
I think LeBron is on a whole new level.
I agree. I think a lot more teams are stronger now.
They probably have genetic diseases?
Who do you pick....Warriors or Cavs.
At one point he was named the greatest point guard in the NBA.
Lee took a hit though.
Really?
Lebron looks amazing right now, but the Warriors seem unstoppable.
Yeah, I guess. I was sad about the split with Kevin Durant.
Everyone keeps getting better, though.
Well theres 2 counters to that.
Just in game 1?
Yea, but the Cavs aren't picking first in the draft.
How many rings does he have?
It may be time to move on from it
What? Why?
Interesting, who led the Cavs' in scoring?
Did you see the score at halftime for the Cavs and Celtics game?
I agree. And the Warriers sure are hammering the Spurs.
Because they said that Westbrook tried to call him when he was in town and Durant texted back "Who is this?"
I can't believe how many 3 pointers Steph Curry hit.
I mean Okafor, Saric, Embiid, Simmons, and a draft pick?
They seem pretty run down.
What do you think is wrong with Isiah Thomas?
Not even with Simmons, Saric, and maybe Jackson?
Aldridge did score 18 points in the game.
They always look like they're having fun.
Who was the MVP that season?
Are you going to keep betting on basketball games?
My team is the Warrior's
The Warriors, 120 to 108.
So how did they finish with a better record than the Cavs?
Would you have ever thought we would be in the conference finals and still have two undefeated teams?
When I first looked at the score, I was thinking atleast 2 or 3 had to be resting but nah, only one was out with a strained hamstring.
Do you think both of those teams end up 12-0 heading into the Finals?
Which player scored the most points for Wisconsin?
Where do the Wizards play?
One more win and Golden State gets a rematch with Cleveland.
He definitely needs to mature. UVA lost some of their guys that weren't getting enough play.
What's that?
Just a fair weather fan?
That's true, but at least we have an amazing NBA finals to look forward to.
So, why do you think Durant joined the Warriors?
Also, North Carolina only hit 35% of their shots.
Something like that...you know the Warriors will crush the Cavs in the playoffs!
I disagree. To me they had a better team than the Celtics.
Well, James went 7 for 7 in the 1st quarter in Game 1. He looked like a man against boys!
Good it is a game you do not want to miss it is honestly the best one i have seen for them this season.
They call it a Basketball Team for a reason, you play and you win as a team.
How many times was Julius Erving an all star MVP?
I guess so but they were terrible defensively and simply didn't care. They had everyone convinced they had legitimate issues.
Yea, you do have a point about that. Lots of blowouts are happening.
How can you say that? The guy is doing all he can!
You're crazy Noone could stop MJ.
I think it was intentional by Zaza Pachulia.
They really needed this win to stay alive, but it just wasn't happening for them.
Yeah, it's incredible.  And now with Isaiah Thomas out it could be even worse the rest of the way.
No they dont even need him to do that.
Who was the leading scorer for Kentucky?
Do you like pick and roll basketball or a different offense.
Remember the flu game?
Between Curry, Green, and Thompson, the warriors are unstoppable.
I know. I was kind of rooting for them to pull through.
The game was between the Lakers and the Magic.
You should still watch them the first game was Lit.
Well do you see that as bad for the league?
Bruce Bowen used to do it all the time.
Remember when they were in the finals against the Lakers?
Yes! it was like he was on the court playing an amateur team.
The Lakers have a deep bench and will win it all.
How did the teams score in the 2004-2005 finals?
Kevin Durant was dominant!
Next weekend.
Boston tried for the 3-pointer!
Yep. Even was in that Kung Fu movie
I think Cleveland will, now that Isaiah Thomas is out.
Wow, who was the Jazz's leading scorer?
Who would you rather have on your team, James or Durant?
Yup, Golden State and Cleveland are just so much better than everyone else.
David Thompson went there also, didn't he.
Did you have fun at all-star weekend?
You gotta be kidding.
Yes he helped out that city by giving money to the needy.
Yeah they really surprised a lot of people with their play this year
Do you have a favorite team?
Yeah but Griffin and Paul cannot coexist.
Yeah, but they will.  No one can stand up to either team.
This years playoffs have been in one word, terrible.
They have to address their needs rather than taking the best player available, which I think is Tatum.
Do you think the Spurs even had a chance with Leonard playing?
Yep and also I read that Isaiah Thomas is out the rest of the playoffs
Yeah just about that.
I used to really like watching the Celtics back when Larry Byrd played.  I guess that was 30 years ago or more.
Wilt wasn't really that great, just really tall.
He sure has that. What is with that guy?
And that day might not be that far off
Well not in the conventional sense.
Yeah, that was a blowout.  Up 41 at the half.  Jeez.
Plus Cousins is not a bad 3 point shooter either
Do you think one is going to to be perfect
Is that because we kept them as slaves and made cross breeds of them to be strong?
16 points in less than 3 minutes.
I thought Pop was a better coach then this.
I can't believe they got that last shot in.
I think it will be close.
Okay, who led Florida in scoring?
OK so back to the college thing, what can they do?
My favorite has always been the Celtics.
Well, they were tied until the last minute. Wasn't that exciting?
They have some tough decisions to make on this roster though
They are down by 20 and its the first half.
It could be a very historic match up.
I really hope the refs call a fair game tomorrow
Last year in the playoffs the Spurs put up a good fight but they just couldn't get past those warriors
The Warriors pulled out a win, 120-108.  it was really well played.
You can say that again, now they are probably going to get swept.
I think the Warriors win in six games.
It was the big guy that plays center, David Lee.
Who led Arizona in scoring?
Is Billy King the worst GM Ever?
Wow, they mean business!
True, but this is a different team.
They're awful pretty much every year.
Did the LA Lakers win the 2001 NBA championship too?
Okay. Who was Kentucky's leading scoring?
Yeah. First they have to knock out the Spurs.
What happened?
Yeah. I also like that kid Schroeder. He is going to be a superstar in this league
The Lakers.
Did you see that long time color guy Phil Cheiner has been sacked ?
If you had to pick one Duncan or Robinson?
Ya, both teams are going to sweep their way into the finals
Holy crap, right?
I love watching both of these guys play
Looks like LaBron is on a mission again.
Why not?
Maybe Lebron.
I am shocked that Phil Jackson doesnt have a better hold on it.
Imagine GSW and Cavs going to the finals both having 12-0 records .
I will win like the old times though you know.
Yeah, that was nice.
Yea, but Harden actually won games.
They are more skilled than you think.  You should give them a chance.  Watch a game.
It was like cosmic magic or something did not want them to win
The Clippers don't have a first rounder this year, but I heard theyre trying to trade into the draft.
LOL, yes, they are a bunch of losers, i must admit, but i've been rooting for them for many years and i can't switch now.
I don't think the Cavs ever took the Celtics seriously
He dominated like a super hero.
What about Cleveland the other night
...seriously?
It's hard to believe that those teams can remain on top for so long
Yea, and now they have the 5th pick instead of the 3rd because of it.
Yeah that was so cheap!
How many three pointers did the Rockets make?
Who represented the 'M' in the trio known as "Run TMC"?
Because he stayed healthy?
In the East, it's gotta be Cleveland.
ITS TOO BAD THOUGH THAT THE SPURS AND CELTICS BOTH HAD THEIR BEST PLAYERS INJURED.
The Cavs are way too explosive in offense!! Before the series I thought it'll be Cavs at 5 but now it is clear it will be over after 4 games.
Yeah this has been too easy for the Warriors
He played with Horace Grant as well. Do you remember who coached the Bulls?
I think this one is in Cleveland.
Why does that bother you?
Yes, humans make errors but something in my gut says it was on purpose.
Dirk, he is the best on and off the court.
And lose almost an entire season of ad revenue?
Don't get me wrong. I don't think either team will go undefeated, but the Warriors do have Durrant.
I remember one time I watched him play at South High in Worcester, Mass in a pickup game/
Yeah that was crazy.
They are one of my favorite teams as well.
Yeah, I am a huge fan of BYU
Yeah it creates a balance that you need in the league.
Seriously.  The Cavs lead by 41 points at halftime.
I guess, but they did have a good chance to be at the top.
They did but Lebron had an off night.
That is true, but there is only so much they can on their own.
Oh, it is easily the Chicago Bulls.
Well, I guess we could to the ranking by the scoring leaders first.
Dozier had 17 points for South Carolina while Williams Goss had 23 points for Gonzaga.
If you combine his talent with the talent that the Celtics have on the bench, you get a great team.
Yea, he does. Its Lebron against the world.
I know they WON'T draft Ball, they don't want that train wreck.
When you look at their roster. Where's their future?
They even claim that LeBron is near or even on Jordan's level, and that he wouldn't have been that good without Pippen/Rodman,
Okay, maybe I will wear my Irving Jersey.
This is what the Raptors and Hawks found out over the years
This is a hard one but Lebron, he is still the best and most dominate.
And what do they do with Rajon Rondo.
That's ok, they had a respectable score at the end and there is always next season.
Yes. He gave them 30 points.
So he's long, quick, and a good shooter. But he's also skinny, not developed enough as a ball handler to be a point guard, and could improve on defense. I'm guessing he won't be a true point for us. Very intriguing player though. I'm thrilled.
Yeah, that's a great app.
So he was taking the majority of shots.
No because I am only 5 feet tall
No, I don't. I'm betting on the Cavaliers.
120-108. San Antonio actually played closer than the score indicated.
The bench players have to pick up the slack.
Yes they are. Durant is great.
I just don't think their offense is what it used to be.
I think 40 points.
He can dunk.
What do you plan to do?
I think the Warriors will win this year.
Looks like it's going to be Golden State VS The Cavaliers in the finals then.
I feel the same way, its pretty ridiculous to have almost 2 months of playoffs in a sport, even baseball doesn't seem as bad with it.
What did they do? What do you think?
Yeah it was awesome.  Great shots, high scores.
I don't think it matters to them much.
Yes, but he's at the tail end of his prime and I think the Knicks are not going to accept that reality.
The guy never gets injured and never loses any of his athleticism.
I wanted to see the Wizards make it, but I know it wouldn't have made a difference.
Despite the long-standing dominance of the ACC, they haven't been as good.
Oh, that's kinda surprising.  I thought the Warriors were supposed to win.
The Cavaliers probably.
Hrad to tell. The Spurs have a lot of history. They have five world titles.
... No. Definitely no. They've been a trainwreck.
Yeah I know everyone was doubting them because of their regular season
No it would dip.
Yeah I agree. They threw the towel at the half time.
Swanigan led Purdue with 18 points.
Me to. They've had some great teams and great players over the years.
Yes I do.
So, who pulled it out in the end?
Okay, Boston, try passing again.
No, not yet.
Who do you think is going to win?
I miss the Barkley days.
Haha, watching the weather channel going to be more exciting than that game!
The team that won 73 games without you!
Yeah I think thats the way it should be
Come on really the Rockets? I'm surprised your rooting for them.
It's probable. Which is crazy, and unexciting to watch.
Steph, Klay, Durant, and Draymond. Need I say more?
Yes! But what about the foul by Bird?
A very nice offensive lineup to say the least
It is im nervous about the loss
I would package it for a proven star right now.
I've herd that the LA Lakers will draft him.
Yeah, he just seemed to have everything given to him.
Beal scored 38 points for the Wizards.
I think so. He is going to be an All Star.
Yes he was. He scored a lot of points.
I think Curry should have switched places with him. I don't think they put enough on team success with regards to voting.
i suppose for some, though i do not, nor do i know of anyone watching every game of the series
I mean I'm sure the Warriors and Cavs were winning anyway, but these games aren't even competitive.
Then you have guys like Steph Curry
How tall is he.
George would be a splash. But isn't it better to wait?
I was alright, but nothing special. Do you follow professional or college basketball at all?
Yea, I just wish there was more competition.
Isaiah Thomas was having a terrible game. Did you see he is going to muss the rest oif the playoffs?
Because they don't play well.
What makes you say that?
That's probably true. A lot of the smaller schools can really compete.
Not sure. Some of the really tall people generally have some kind of thyroid or growth hormone imbalances. Not sure if those two do also
Cavs in 6, the warriors will put up a fight but it still won't be enough.
I think Eric Bledsoe was really on fire.
Yeah, he wrecked his knee.
Yeah, I mean, they lost four of their last five games, including two at home to two ranked teams
That's true. The Cavaliers barely edged out the Finals last year, and that was before the Warriors picked up Durant.
Same here. They were great friends.
Yeah, but the rich keep getting richer. And the committee makes it nearly impossible for the small guys to win.
And they are?
No! Both game one and two.
So who are your saying is their savior?
I think he has three.
Yeah, but I think the organization is going to try and build from this
Well, their two premiere teams are usually Cincinnati and UConn, neither of whom have done anything in a while
LeBron James scored a sizzling 35 points.
Yeah! It was record breaking! Poor Celtics.
I have a little sympathy for the Spurs.  Popovich is a great coach and I like his willingness to speak out about Trump.
I never thought that would happen, it's a shame. I really don't like Golden State.
He just amazes me how he can hit those shots as if he was a foot away from the basket.
That seems like it could be an all star lineup
They do have a decent bench.
I think his sisters death is still effecting him.
The same Simmons who was hurt his rookie year?
The problem with that is that he only had 5 rebounds so that is not going to cut it.
Yes, and I feel there is no animosity or jealousy among teammates.
I think it was Andre Iguodala from the Golden State Warriors.
Yeah and I hope I win too.
They are so stacked that it's unfair.
Nice.  They're really slaying the Spurs this year.
Lebron wasn't really trying, and his season doesn't start until the Finals.
Never, one maybe but not two.
The Knicks actually played defense?
Yes but then the real season starts.
Hayes led Wisconsin with 19 points.
I think in Washington.
Boy, the Cavaliers have been unbelievable.
Tony's pack line defense is a thing of beauty, but it's not for everyone.
When a guy gets lightly bumped on the shoulder and somehow manages to fall about 20 feet. They do it in soccer too, but not as dramatically.
When you're getting beat that badly, yeah.
No doubt about it, who do you have eventually coming out on top?
Because he did. I have no idea what his motives were. We can only guess.
Exactly, Carolina also only hit 14% of their 3 pointers.
Just like they did last year?
I don't know how you could say that when the Celtics had the better record
Yes, the Celtics are certainly overmatched.There is really nothing they can do!
Is it? How good was it?
Your right, one player shouldn't make that much of a difference.
2
I was never convinced of anything. I have been saying for quite sometime call me worried if they are doing this in the playoffs.
Yea, the Celtics are the best team in the East and look at them.
No I don't think so. I think Carmelo is a team killer. He has to share in this blame.
Lebron is the best and makes his teammates better.
I don't know. He is just an awkward player.
The Warriors were just too good!
Please no!  Maybe they'll figure out a way to pull things together and make the next couple games interesting.
Wow they may need it against Lebron.
Fox had a whopping 39 points.
I like the triangle offense that Jordan used to run.
Yeah that was great. Good thing Scottie P was there
Well, that's what alot of people said last year when the Warriors lost.
Me too! I'm usually a Dallas Mavericks fan, but I'll root for the Spurs, too.
Okay, I love the Lakers.
What do you mean by Lit?
No it helps gravitate people to the game
Yeah, so it's funny that it would happen to Popovich.
That was way back in the mid 90's?
I know, the Celtics got schooled.
I don't think so.  They don't work well as a team.  Too many showboats and not enough team work.
Well, as far as I can recall, it was Detroit 22-3 and San Antonio 28-2.
I heard he scored 33 points and had 10 rebounds.
I will try out if you want.
They're really putting up a fight tonight.
What does he rank at, then?
Yea, and the way they lost in Game 2 was so bad.
Hayward poured in 29 points for the Jazz.
Wow, what a question. I would take Durant because he is younger.
It's sort of unfair to the rest of the league, don't you think?
He may have for a while before going into motivational speaking based on his basketball career.
Oh yeah, New Orleans should host it every year.
No, I'm serious.
And Lebron plays for his hometown team too.
I mean most people didn't foresee them winning 55 games in the regular season.
My alma mater, of course.  College teams change pretty rapidly though.
You think they conflict?
Basketball has about become unwatchable because players just join teams to play with the best, not against them.
I agree, most games have been blowouts and very non competitive.
I agree. They have too many big men as it is. Taking another forward or center is redundant.
I don't think they did.
Yep something to do with his kneee
I can see where people think that it is a very top heavy league.
Me too because my ex-husband was a huge Celtics fan. His whole family loved anything IRISH!
That's part of basketball, you just gotta score.
I don't know man. He's a little too confident in his kid.
Yeah you are right. He just needs some help
Go on.
There is more parity in football.
Yeah the guys is a phenomenal offensive player, he just has to keep his head on straight.
Probably golden state, the spurs seem done
No, because Africans in Africa are good runners and jumpers too.
Not too shabby.
You couldnt put this on him.
I couldn't believe it either.
I heard Golden State will be heavy favorites.
Allen had 35 points for Florida.
Its tough to come up with a resolution
Are you a big fan as well?
Yeah, and Blake Griffin made the winning shot.
Yeah they do, I mean Metta World Peace is gone
That is not to bad
Are you a fan of either team?
They sure couldn't do any worse
Last year they had Tony Parker and Tim Duncan playing in the playoffs and they couldnt beat the warriors.
Nice, I like games leek that, close but not too close!
It looks like the Celtics are going to also.
I say the Warriors win in seven games
Oh! What happened to him?
Trier had 19 points for Arizona.
I mean theyre trades really hampered them.
Yeah, and with Leonard out the Spurs are in trouble.
We will see!
So? Doesn't the draft help that?
Yes, they did, two times in a row?
Bam Adebayo and Deaaron Fox both scored 13 points.
Which they will. And the Cavaliers will knock out Boston.
They made us play shirts vs. skins, and the team captain every time said skins for us so I'd have to be shirtless.
I don't know about superstar, but he will be a very good player
I bet the Knicks pick 3rd right?
Yes!
They are both great players in their prime, can I say neither and pick Shaq?
Everyone knew Cleveland would win though
Yeah, seriously, losing by nearly 50 in the playoffs. Horrid.
Especially when they are both in a groove at the same time.
I wonder if they will even lose a game the way they're going!
I haven't been an avid fan since the 90s. I feel like they've gone downhill since then.
You think so?
He is a better coach than personnel guy.
And imagine one winning 3 in a row, that 4th game would be epic.
We we will be seeing about that.
I don't know how many fouls they've called, do you?
Yea, so did Russ. Just not enough.
Meh.  Maybe I'll turn it on for a few minutes next time.  When's the next game.
My thoughts exactly i was like sad.
Enough with the Clippers...I think the Bulls pick 18th overall, so should be something good.
before we talk about the playoffs, i've often wondered...how can a team with the money and resources that the knicks offer have so many bad seasons?
I don't believe they did either.
Haha ok
They looked awesome against the Celtics
No, silly, they don't even try. I like the game-ending three-quarter-court shot.
Lebron really is showing off how good he is. He's only 32 and has three championships and been in four other finals?
Wow, that could be a big difference.
I hope he gets suspended from a few games for that one
The Rockets made 19 three pointers.
Mitch richmond
Yeah the best ability is availability.
You're right.  LeBron is unstoppable.
THAT IS THE NATURE OF THE NBA THOUGH MY FRIEND.
The celtics are not ready yet and i think no one can doubt it. There are obvious lags in rebounding.
I mean after game one this series has not been competitive
Yes, they were coached by Phil Jackson. They had an amazing playing style, didn't they?
I hope the Celtics can win at least one.  It's a boring series if they don't.
It doesn't improve the players on the team paying, and it uses up the school's money.
I too feel it was intentional even though he says it was an accident.
Can you believe LeBron James will become the youngest player in NBA History to reach 50,000 career minutes tonight.
They can make it up.
They didn't even sweep the Cavs during the regular season!
He went back and forth with a player who was black. He called himself Larry bird. The other player called himself Magic Johnson
I think Kevin Love will be the X factor for the Cavaliers this year. He was injured their first year and didn't play that great last year.
Oh really? Great! Great minds think alike.
That team is not very good!
I can see the problem being that teams would try to skip on salaries.
Who can come back from that?
Sucks for the Sixers because they would have gotten the Lakers pick if it was lower than #3.
Yeah and the Cavs were still witihin striking distance.
That is true, but having the two best big men in the league is a great start!
Do you like college basketball?
Ok. Fine, whatever.
I understand. How many assists did both teams get?
Agreed.  I just thought John Wall would be able to do enough to take out the Celtics.
Well Lebron is beating the world then.
I can't believe the way Ball's dad is acting.
Exactly. I mean Harrison Barnes is a good player, but not great
Shoot. His Airness has created a threshold that players, professional or not, try to reach or recreate.
That sounds good.
I think a well rounded team can win the title, just not against a Lebron team
Do you ever think the draft is rigged?
I mean he played like garbage the majority of the year, but look good in the playoffs.
Hopefully Leonard and Parker can get back next season and bring it home for the Spurs.
He also had 7 assists and only 1 turnover.
In the past we've been told that coaches preferred not to redshirt players from overseas. Larsen redshirted primarily because he got hurt.
Oh many, 120-108...what a victory
The offense ran through him.
Do you want to play a game of basketball tonight
Why the Cavaliers? They haven't been given a lot of chance by most people.
Did Kawahi Leonard play for the Spurs?
Who on the Spurs bench can do that?
Do not forget Curry.
Or defense, for that matter!
He had an excellent performance index.
But so can Lebron.
I want to get something signed to make it memorable
Why do you say that?
That is what I'm thinking too but I'd like it if the Celtics made it to the finals instead of the Cavaliers.
Who are you rooting for?
They signed these players before the contacts increased?
Awesome.
Yeah, winning a title is all that matters to them.
Well, you forget that Melo doesn't exactly seem happy in New York. He might ask for a trade.
How old is he?
Yeah, this was a Golden State and Cleveland final in the making all along.
They just won the tournament this year. UNC was 33-7 and the national title. Are you blind?
That's what I had heard too but apparently not.
I think the Celtics will win.
The problem is the Warriors are loaded. Brilliant shooters and great play making.
That bad?
Now we see how much of a joke that was
And if you take Curry off the Warriors, they would maintain their position?
I switched the channel at half time.
Who was Kansas' leading scorer?
I know they usually come up with some great player combinations. Remember when they had Elgin Baylor and Jerry West.
I think that they just did not have quite enough fire power.
The Bulls got a three pointer right at the buzzer.
There we go.  Nice layup, Crowder.
So as of now, who's the shortest player who's on an active roster of an NBA team?
I think the Warriors are going to make it this year.
I wish D'antoni would be their coach again.
There is always next near for the Celtics
Yeah, I don't recall a player ever doing something like that before
Wow we agree on something.
Don't tease me you know I've always liked the Rockets just not that much.
Rounds 1 and 2 had some great games, though.
True, true, but nobody can win a game!
You think John's gonna make the free throws?
Where they need to grow is in their defensive intensity.
Why are you nervous about losing?
Like Jimmy Butler?
Will Lonzo Ball's father be a distraction for his NBA career?
But he is so skilled, and people love to watch that.
How many three pointers did Beal make?
Well, Lakers need some hope. What a mess.
How many points did he score in the last quarter, do you remember?
I was just excited Wall finally made a team.
how much fun would it be to not have all the hype and irrelevant branding and money references though?
It sucks, but what can you do? Guys are resting all season but you can't stop in game injuries.
OK and thats one guy
He is listed at 6 foot 3.
Definitely. To me, the Lakers should continue to bet young
Yeah, I mainly follow college basketball, but I pay attention to the NBA on and off.
Don't we all. They need to do away with these super teams.
Yeah, now the Celtics have even less of a chance than they did before.
But they have so many stars.
Well he doesnt need motivation, right?
Did you think Villanova would repeat?
Did you know that the tallest player in basketball doesn't play for the NBA?
Where do you see Blake Griffin going?
Yeah it was a shame that he's having to sit out the rest of the season because of his knees.
It's good to see that Coach Kerr is feeling better.
Wow, that's not very good.
That is certainly a game changer.
I hope the Spurs get Leonard back.
It's even more apparent in the women's tournament.
One is the Sixers. They have tanked for years
Were the games close?
Markelle Fultz
Can you believe that Golden State blew a 3-1 lead?
They picked up Serge Ibaka at the trading deadline and he played pretty well for them
UConn just won the title a few years ago!
I'm not shocked by that. Who led the Raptors in assists?
Did you see Isaiah Thomas' injury?
Yea. And they've had so many injuries.  Losing Tony Parker was horrible and now they've lost another player.  Not even Pop can work miracles.
Dude, me either. I respect Durant's game but I don't like these things they've been saying about him.
I couldn't believe Green's performance coming off the bench.
I just dont see where Okafor fits in
They do. It's not as experienced as the Cavs, but probably just as good.
The NBA released their first -second and third teams, did you see them?
We're talking about potential here. Look at the potential of all of these guys.
Danny Green and Patty Mills didn't shoot the ball well either.
I know, I was sad when they lost last year.
Who were the NBA 2010-2011 champions?
Any other good games on tonight?
I would agree, but I love it.
Yeah.  This is game 3, and they're undefeated this conference.
They need to do something about that. It's not fun to have everything be meaningless until the Finals.
Do you think either team and finish up and run the table 16-0?
I mean it seemed better than their norm, but they just can't stop any ball penetration. It was mainly just the Warriors building a house with all those bricks.
Can you see it going all 7 games.
Which Villanova player had the most points?
Do you know what city?
Yeah, even Kevin Love is playing great and Thompson on the boards.
Have you ever been to a game at JPJ?  What a great venue.
Ha, LeBron is good at that.
To be fair, y'all had a lot of injuries this season.
I am really torn on this one; both teams have been dominant this post season.
Yeah, it's not fun though when all the good players join one team.
How did they win this game shooting so poorly?
Ok, but the Warriors have Durant now.
Yeah they did, but when you look at this roster, I felt they were more equipped for the postseason.
They finally got lucky with the ping-pong balls in the draft.
They wrecked the celtics like they were nothing i have never seen anything like that.
I like how Pops doesn't sugarcoat a failed and disappointing game!
How many rules did Dr. Naismith start the game of basketball with?
You can only say this when the outcome is positive.
Well, "best" is relative.
Carmelo is a scorer that's what he does. He has done his part.
So you think they will beat Golden State?
The way he put out his foot looked weird to me.
Did you see Durant last night?
I hope so but wouldn't count on it.  You know uncertainty is the only certainty in sports but I think this has 4-0 sweep written all over it.
Yes I think they are ready and waiting.
Wow, how did he do that?
What was the score in last nights game?
What was Scottie Pippens number?
Yeah, but they didn't have Durant either.  He's going to be the game changer in this series.
They're playing again tomorrow night, do you think the Spurs can pull it off?
I love the Magic.
It was exciting i nearly fell of my chair
Think itll be fun to see those teams go down?
At least Popovich gets to experience what the Suns did many years ago.
No, 2001.
You know man, I used to be a huge Celtics fan.
Do you see westbrooks little breakdown on the court after he was called for a foul?
Who won the 2006 NBA finals?
Curry had a great game too.
I bet you'd make it. Talk to Tyler about it.
It's about time!  That last game was humiliating.
He's at 14th in terms of points per game.
Yes, and I feel like Lebron James is in the zone.
Which player led the Warriors in assists?
Crazy to see that Cleveland and Golden State are undefeated in the playoffs.
Well, both the Warriors and the Cavs have historically been bottom dwellers, so I'm okay with it.
I know Monte didn't stay there long.
When is the draft?
Who on Golden State can guard LeBron?
Yes it adds an extra element of meaning in the NBA.
True and a lot of people didn't like the D'antoni hire as head coach
Yeah, I guess there's a lot of player turnover as they graduate and bring in new talent.
I think they are secondary players that need to remain in the background.
Everyone wants their championship. Ya know?
I have had to turn the channel as a lot of these games are over by half time.
So who should they take? A point guard?
Neither do I. The Warriors are just too good.
Yeah makes tonight's game not as interesting anymore
Some of the teams are playing like crap to be honest.
The NBA seemed so much more interesting back then.  Have we changed or has the NBA changed?
Lebron is better than Wilt.
Just a little bit. Its ridiculous.
Yeah, I do like Middleton and Monroe
It was a defensive show.
Maybe, but think about the finals.
I think Davis is a good player for him because Davis is calm and can talk him off of the ledge
LeBron is not the same but they could do it
Do most black athletes preform better than whites?
Yeah, I like to call him a 'stealth scorer'.
They are getting destroyed by Golden State though
That was outstanding.
The West is much tougher than the East.
Wow, he dominated the game.
Do you think they limit how young they can be?
Yes, I grew up watching the Celtics and Lakers rivalry in the 1980's.
Again with that.
They will probably get rid of Tarik Black and put D'Angelo Russell on the trading block
Yes it is it is downright shameful.
No, my team didn't even make the playoffs.
The Balsac's sure could have shot better
I was at work last night so I couldnt catch that game, was Kawai in the game?
David Lee injured his knee, he had to be taken out for that injury.
Yeah Cleveland has dominated them so far as well.
I just think the Warriors have too much firepower
He was going up for a shot and he landed on some guys foot, hurting his ankle. Do you know how many points he had?
Which Xavier player had the most rebounds?
If losing the pick to the Celtics wasnt enough.
Oh no what happened?
The playoffs suck this year anyway
It helps a bit, but clearly some teams never have playoff-caliber years.
Who did the Lakers win against in NBA 2001 finals?
Who had the most assists on Carolina's team?
I would be shocked if it didn't come down between the Cavaliers and Warriors.
So?
They need a couple of more pieces though
Nope. They're 8th.
He was on the tv team for 33 years!
Best 3 point shooter of all time?
Yea, Boston has no chance. And now Isaiah Thomas is injured, Cleveland has it in the bag
I've never heard of such an epic loss
Now that they have their center of the future, it's going to be interesting.
Well,  the Golden State Warriors might have something to say about that.
You haven't been watching lately then, have you!?
Yeah, I think in the past few seasons, he's taken his game, and his career to another level.
I think thats evident.
Boston just seems like their playing with no heart.
I got some thoughts though.
At least three I think.
They both are solid candidates, but have you seen Russ?
I'm not sure.  They don't always televise them.  Watching live in person is better anyway.
I was sad too but you know what was good about it?
I always thought theyd trade out of their pick to try to help themselves at point guard...they need experience not youth at this point.
that's a very good question.  i put a lot of the blame on owner james dolan, but at this point, phil jackson has to also be held accountable.
Watching these games feels like a scrimmage
He played every position.
Lebron is the fucking man
Okay, let me specify. What's the most exciting regularly-occurring play in basketball?
Something like that. It's crazy. I thought Steph Curry would be the next one, but he's only three years younger than Lebron.
Yea, and they also lose a few pick.
Me too! Hansbrough is going to have to play through the whole tournament with that guard over his face now
How many three pointers did the Spurs make?
How many scoring titles did Wilt Chamberlain win during his career?
I believe that but Embiid was all worldly.
Yeah, and Isaiah Thomas just was ruled out for the entire playoffs with an injury.
YEP FOR SURE BUT STILL IT IS UNFORTUNATE.
The Celtics need to draft Fultz and move Thomas while his stock is high.
Well without Kawhi there almost no point in continuing this games.
Yes, they would pass the ball to Jordan, and he would do his thing. Such a great player.
I agree I hate when one team dominates the whole series.
You really think the students are paying Alabama A&M $150,000 to lose to University of Florida--just for example?
How do you feel the Diamondbacks are doing this season?
I know- that stat is crazy and what makes it better is how many games he's sat out.
Not true, player salaries keep increasing as well.
Well, I think the postseason is much different than the regular season.
It was fun to watch. Something I will never forget as long as I live.
Yeah he will have to play well this time. It's going to be a tough match up against arguably the defensive player of the year, Draymond Green.
Oh yeah we do! I even got season tickets for them as well.
We don't win many championships, true, but we are still good!
Like the sixers have been?
It would take a miracle.  Can you imagine losing on home court like that?
True, but the Sixers did move up to #3.  And they get the Lakers pick next year.
That doesn't bode well for the Celts.
Are they going to get a new coach?
Not really, I like the NBA more.
Let's see the player with the most points over career is Karem Abdul Jabbar, but that's a bad metric.
South Carolina had 12 assists while Gonzaga got 15 assists.
The Wizards problem is that they don't have the deep bench that the Celtics have.
Yea, he just puts his team on his back in the playoffs.
Oh I do, he's a spoiled child.
And Wesley Matthews is a good defender, but a horrible shooter
Michael even mentored Kobe and he's without a doubt one of the best players ever to play.
Do you think the Celtics may steal a win?
The Pistons title team might have been able but I wouldn't favor them
All the time how else do you explain how some teams end up with the top 3 pick when it just seems to "fit".
That is until he got hurt.
I agree, and the newbies will have increased their skills too.
Kyrie also pitched in a respectable 23 points.
Could be a crowded backcourt next year!
Yikes, so does that mean they're up 3-0?
You also cant discount Westbrook either.
Yes in fact we could round up all the guys and shoot some hoops
No, but look at their strengths. They have LeBron James.
No. He has an injured ankle.
The only player with a lot of playoff experience is Manu.
Yeah, he's great too.
I agree. Really miss the days of Larry Bird coaching.
Oh, that's his average, what do you wonder.
Well that doesn't matter.
Good luck with that it will never happen.
They have the best team, I think. Curry is unstoppable.
I'd like to see the Spurs make it personally.
The Spurs...but theyll have a tough road...you know how the Cavs just march through the east each year without any competiton...
Oh so before Timofey Mizgov became a billionaire?
Both teams are really talented.
Yeah, I heard Lowry wants to join a team where he will get a ring.
Well, that would be different. If Melo pushes the issue, I could see the Knicks cutting a deal.
He's going to be 33 by next year. Most NBA players start slowing down after 30.
It looked like the Spurs might have given Golden State a challenge in game one.
No, you can't watch sports if you're blind. Duke, FSU, Louisville, and Notre Lame all had down seasons recently.
So what happened?
Not me.
True, but they have a dirty player in Draymond Green.
Unfortunately, yes.
Yeah they are stomping on the competition right now
They probably could survive that.
I did too, the eastern conference finals shouldn't be THAT boring.
Mason and Graham each scored 26 points for Kansas.
That was a great combo. You can talk about your Jordans all you want, but I love to watch Baylor play.
That, and the fact that Boston seemed to have a different guy get hot every game.
Great, those kind of finishes are always exciting.
And another try at a 3-pointer for the Cavs.
isaiah Thomas with the Celtics is the shortest currently. But he's no way as short as the shortest ever
You really think they are that good?
I loved the run and gun offense.
Boston is going to be a beast!
Me neither. I mean guys have played with other superstars, but not like this
Yeah I think the emphasis on winning the division doesnt matter anymore.
I remember you we're into the Wizards for quite a while.
Yeah, the Spurs/Memphis series was really great.
Yea, well those guys are games. You wanna go against them?
I don't know, he flubbed that lay up.
Yeah if they want to make the playoffs next year they have to play better on that end
Because I bought some tickets to a bet.
Maybe thats where they go.
It's very likely, hopefully Magic Johnson can deal with him.
I agree with you there, but I value humbleness, and I think he used to lack that.
Beal made 5 three pointers.
Yeah, they're my favorite team and it's sad to see how bad they are.
It was 19 points.
After his first season or two in Washington people started using the word "bust"
actually, all sports not just basketball suffer from having no focus on actual sport and competition
Exactly. And that whole resting thing needs to stop. Guys are going to get injured.
I see where you are trying to corner me
Oh so he is probably 6 foot 1 then
Draft Ball?
I'm kind of the opposite. I am a die hard NBA fan and sort of follow college basketball.
Yea, its getting old already.
I think the Cavs are favored by about 15 points in game 4.
Name one.
I got ya.
I was hopeful they would, but I didn't think so.
Yes. Paul Stugess
I would love to see him in New Orleans.
My best friend was a great basketball player in high school but he messed up his knees too.
I think he must be from what I've heard.
No, it isn't, and it's pretty discouraging as a big fan of the team.
Absolutely! The best team in the NBA last year acquiring one of today's greatest players has certainly elevated them to another level.
I don't think he will be back this year.
How so?
And have only gotten the first pick once
Ha! Not even.
Where is he gonna play?
No!
That he did but he isn't enough to get over the hump in the East
True, but that was as a 7-seed. They haven't been dominant.
The Raptors were led by Joseph with 12 assists.
Yeah! Poor little thing. I hope he is 100% next season.
True.  And even the Warriors have had a major loss -  their coach!
Same here. Russell Westbrook is doing so well though.
Yeah. He is without a doubt the best sixth player they have.
Either does Colangelo
I wouldn't be surprised if Stevens finds some rotation scheme to make the last two games a bit more competitive.
Yeah, I agree with most but Curry should be first team.
What is potential when it doesnt translate to the court.
Yes, both of those players shot well below 50%.
Me too.  Do you like Lebron James?
As far as I remember it was the Dallas Mavericks who won the title.
I don't think so.
I am sure you do.  You even got Matt Barnes from us.
Well, the Spurs weren't fantastic this year.
What can they do?
No, because eventually they will have to run into each other and it will be a battle.
Hahaha
I sure hope so.
Hart had 19 points for Villanova.
No, I don't.
And, of course there's always Lebron.
I went to the Virginia Tech game last year.
Sadly, yes. And it's not punished. Sadly, you can't confirm or deny when someone is off-balance naturally or not.
Oh I have some choice words for Zaza.
To me, the Cavaliers have been by far the most impressive team in the entire NBA playoffs.
I know. Basketball is pretty silly.
They played smart by not turning the ball over.
Yeah, and the Warriors only picked him up to get him out of their way....
I don't know about that. The Wizards always seem to underachieve
It is a relief! Who are they going to take? Lorenzo Ball?
You have not before?
Right, He focuses on the next game and what needs to be done! Admitting a failure and moving on.
13
I disagree. Nothing happened in the regular season to lead me to believe the Cavaliers couldn't handle the Raptors, Celtics, and Pacers.
What do you mean?
What about the other areas of basketball? Defense, rebounding, team leadership? He's failed in all of those categories!
Heck yeah. Golden state is gonna get bullied all over the court.
He is big and lumbering so he needed an extra step to slow his momentum.
Sure did! He was on fire!
You're probably right.  It's the same thing with the Warriors and Spurs.
Yes that is going to be exciting.
They could not keep him from getting to the basket.
No idea, I was working out.
He was number 33.
Durant is a good addition, but I still think the Cavaliers will win.
I don't know man, I sure hope so!
Well, we can agree to disagree.
Well you put it that was i might want to watch it.
Yes itll be nice to see the next generation.
Yeah, we went through all of that.
Oh, feels forever. Hahaha
I know they used to be good.
I did.  It was quite a hissy fit considering he did commit the foul.
I am pretty sure that the Miami Heat won the title in six games over the Dallas Mavericks that season.
He had 21 points.
I need to work on my dribbling, though.
It sure was.  A loss of 44 points?
Who do you think can break Jabbar record?
Even when they are up he is still looking ahead and trying to do better.
Draymond Green had 5 assists for the Warriors.
Absolutely as they are both 10 and 0.
I guess.
No, Monte coaches basketball now.
June 22, 2017
I would put Kevin Durant on him.
Yes it directly addresses what people say makes college ball better.
Yep. But he proved them wrong. They have a great system.
Yup.  You like basketball?
So will they trade them?
I understand.  It just makes it boring to watch sometimes.
Very disappointing you want playoff games in particular to come down to the final minutes.
They need shooting. They should take the best shooter available, which is Malik Monk.
I know. They have four all stars in their starting line up alone!
Yep I might just go outside insetaed of watching
The Clippers had a very strange year.
Well, I know my love for sports hasn't changed, so maybe it's the NBA.
No way, Lebron has lost in the finals a lot.
Yea, I agree. I feel bad for the kid.
Yeah they are good pieces. They just need to continue to build
Oh nobody likes to watch that.
I think I was already thinking about the finals before these last matchups even started.
They just need some other pieces around these guys.
Yeah but I am not sure they are going to repeat, golden state learned from their mistakes
Yes, they do except in strength competitions.
You trademarked that?
The problem is they are getting no secondary scoring
What did you think about all times the 76'ers were fouled?
Agreed, but the Cavs are pretty good.
I agree. He also hit 4 three pointers.
I think its already at 19.
Too bad the Celtics are being dismantled by the Cavaliers.
I just really enjoy his shooting skills.
You think they will trade Russell? Why?
Your way to hyped over the team
Same here, I do really like Stephen Curry though.
You have to admit Mentsrals played played some pretty good defence
No he didnt play, hes still out, I even heard that hell be out for this whole round in the playoffs!
Ouch, I will have to watch the replay on that one.
Its crazy that neither one of those teams have lost yet in the playoffs.
Yeah, especially with the addition of Kevin Durant to their lineup
I heard he had ten points. What about Durant? DId you see him?
Macura had 7 rebounds for Xavier.
They lost next years pick too.
He hurt his ankle!
Yup too many injuries
So, I have no idea. What should happen?
It was the Philadelphia 76ers and the Lakers won the series, 4 games to 1.
Justin Jackson had 4 assists.
That would be interesting.
So, I'm fat. The point was to humiliate me.
Yeah I agree with you. They have to add some shooters
What? I thought they'd be in the top five atleast.
I know.
Currently?? Curry without a doubt. All time....Miller.
Yea. But the Warriors look like they will sweep too
I kind of want them to be punished for it, it was that bad.
I just hate that Nurkic got hurt before the playoffs.
Indeed.  Everyone handed them the championship before the season started.
I haven't, why?
Yeah.
I do not know what they are going to do.
Nope, no heart and their playing like their scared.
What thoughts you got?
Good, Boston just scored two more.
Yea, he takes it to another level.
Why is that?
It was a close game like none i have seen recently.
Maybe, we'll just have to see what happens.
i agree. jackson did a great job in chicago and los angeles, but he was coach then, not executive.  and he had superstars in both places.
I mean they were beating this team by 41 points at one time
Did he bring the ball up the floor?
I know, 14 years into the league and he is better than ever
For me, that would have to be the posterization.
So do you think Lebron is the next Jordan?
Yea, that will probably be a valuable one too. They always suck.
Yeah hopefully it wont interfere with his playing ability
The Spurs only made 7 three pointers.
Seven
He was and he changed the way games looked.
Oh man, I didn't hear that.  That's too bad.
I AGREE PLUS THE SEMI FINALS ARE NOT WATCHABLE ANYMORE.
But can you imagine Fultz AND Thomas together?
Yeah I know. But at least this series will be over after game 4
He had this fadeaway shot that no one could stop. He would just post-up and then fade-away.
LeBron is tough to beat and has been all over the Celtics.
I don't know where the money comes from, other than that it's a waste.
I like their chances this year to at least make the playoffs.
Do you think De'Aaron Fox will be better than John Wall?
I think you are overthinking all of this.
That's true. Of the two teams that are still left besides the Cavs and Warriors, which one do you think has the best chance of upsetting things and making it to the finals?
As I got older, Larry Bird became more injury prone and older. 1st the Lakers became the better team, then the Pistons.
That's true. Now that the Warriors have Kevin Durant he will likely guard LeBron.
Season Tickets! My how I envy you.
I like UCLA, because we win a lot of championships.
Well there is a floor that you have to spend
I wouldn't want to show my face in public.
Yeah, I guess but I think this draft will be a lot better.
Yea. You think the Warriors are gonna sweep?
No, they are going to keep Alvin Gentry.
Did you see the basketball game last night?
Howzat?
What about turnovers?
You don't think the Wizards have a deep bench?
They finally experienced what it was like to struggle this year too.
Does Markelle Fultz or Lonzo Ball have the edge on top of most draft boards?
This roster has holes every where
I don't know about all of that.Kobe is and was a ball hog in my opinion.
Heck no! The Cavs has it in the bag!
The nice thing is that the Celtics have a ton of options to improve
I understand it but I can't believe they took  Kanters passport away and detained him.
Bingo. Can they build this team around Jimmy Butler
What did you think about Aldridge?
That is true. Kevin Love had 21 points as well.
Why is that? Cause it's not worth the travel to sit for a year?
Yes, Warriors up 3-0
I think he was in a similar situation.
Who is the best basketball player
LeBron James can't win it by himself, can he?
First Tony Parker. Now Leonard. I don't see how they can operate.
Yes, but Manu is 39 years old. He can only do so much.
I wonder if Lebron will get a second straight title.
Me too. When is the next game?
Other teammates from the team Cleveland Cavalier's were on the level.
Why not?
It will too just watch.
But what about LeBron James?
Yeah I'm kind of sick of seeing the same old teams make it to the finals.
What about the Celtics?
And before Evan Turner made as much money as Stephen Curry.
Who is winning in the series?
Yes, that is pretty disappointing.
You just don't think the Knicks will get a player of his caliber?
The most impressive thing about Lebron is his durability.
They were up 25 points!
So, who is better?
Well, it was pretty close at half time but towards the end Williams got several three pointers and then some free throws that really tipped things in their favor.
I know it went to 7 games with Washington but they will succeed against the Cavaliers.
I'm not sure how dirty Green is, but anyone would like him on their team.
Why have they been doing so poorly?
After the 1st round none of their games have been that competitive.
OK so you are making my point.
I think it's all LeBron James's fault. He is just too good for the other teams.
Wow, how did that happen?
He was really something. He used to actually get hangs time when he went to the basket.
I thought Isaha Thomas was going to win it all by himself after that 50 point game.
I know, I was screaming waiting for the ball to drop it.
No luck.  Boston gets it back.
Who was the shortest player to ever play in the NBA?
Yes, I really do.
The Suns always get the short end of the stick.
Look at the season Isaiah Thomas had before he got hurt.
Yeah this was a trash move and professionally I have lost some respect for him.
If a team is good home court shouldnt matter?
I still like to watch the Wizards but I'm just not as strong of a fan for them anymore.
I just can't remember the last time it was this anticlimactic.
I sure dont, but Lebron does.
Did you see the Bulls play last night?
You would think with Coach Thibodeau they would be better already.
So you would lose them if you lost the game?
But wont this help them by getting younger.
Will the Golden State Warriors make it to the NBA finals this year?
So were you a fan when he left Cleveland to go to Miami?
Who was the leading rebounder for the Celtics?
Who do you think makes the biggest improvement next season?
Does this put the team in the lead for the conference?
When do they announce the winners?
exactly, which is why it's cool to tune in and what & who is cool in the nba whilst keeping up with playoffs as well; right?
I just hope the finals aren't the same way. One major injury could be the deciding factor.
Not that, its just hes one example out of 150 you can come up with.
Yes because they measure him in his high tops, and round up.
Yes. Look into trading Russell for a shot blocker. Figure out George in 2018
Oh okay, yeah, it's just hard for me to get super interested in the NBA. The season is fairly long and my team isn't very good.
Yea, I don't know how they can avoid it.
I think they should be favored by way more than that.
Stephen Curry is a star player.
So when he gets snubbed for the MVP race what does that do?
Me neither. It's so hard to repeat, and they lost some good starters.
How come he didn't get signed with the NBA?
What about Hayword?
Was he a point guard?
Kerr is going to be traveling with the team to San Antonio.
Can't be all hopeless, though, huh?
That makes four All-Stars in one team.
How do you feel about the draft?
Well, in the mens, there are usually 8-10 teams who could realistically win the whole thing.
But are always getting top 3 picks.
How bad?
Right alongside Isaiah Thomas?
That was all Lebron.
Exactly. This team needs 3 point shooting badly
Elaborate.
Who was the Cavs' leading assist player?
How many games do you think the Cavs vs. Celtics series will go?
Agreed.  Steve Kerr is one of the best in the business and its too bad his perrenial back problems are keeping him on the sidelines.  I hope the Warriors can overcome his absence.  I think they will.
Agreed! All those triple doubles, it's insane.
Remember how they lost the series last year when Green wasn't able to play in that playoff game.  He is a clutch player.
You think they trade him?
If the outside shooters hit some shots at the beginning of a game, things could be different.
Do you think David Stern was a good commissioner?
Look, Embiid and Simmons together isn't appealing to you?
The Spurs also shot terrible from the 3 point line.
I used to, but I saw him being rude to Guillermo from Jimmy Kimmel Show.
Was Derrick Rose the MVP that season or was it someone else?
I'm going to the game on Saturday night. Do you wanna come?
That's right.  He was a welcome addition to the squad.
What?  The Spurs had a great season!  That's how they made it to the conference.
At least make sure the players play every night
Do you feel the series would be different if Leonard never got hurt?
That one 7 footer for the Warriors missed 3 layups, was going full Moses Malone with the rebounds but missed 3 wide open chippies.
The NBA playoffs have been boring so far.
Who was the leading rebounder for Wisconsin?
How come the Wizards came to be?
Well, the Warriors aren't to shabby either when you add in Kevin Durant.
Don't you love Buzz?
How else do you hate the NBA?
Him taking out Kawhi in game 1 like that was pretty brutal.
That's hard to argue especially since it is looking as though they will go into the finals undefeated.
Yeah, what's the overall point anyway?
Oh really, I didn't realize that.
I'm not going to argue with you there.
Yeah they do, but that's my point. The talent is there for this team to be better.
He is awesome, but I think they are leaning towards the kid from Washington.
Yes it was like a storm and they were the storm itself.
The rest of the playoffs aren't even worth watching.
What is Wilt Chamberlain's record for most points in a game?
The Cavs have played the Celtics, Raptors, Pacers. With LeBron in the lineup, we were 9-1 against these teams in the regular season.
Well, we all know the Cavaliers are better.
I agree he has come up short in those areas.
Cmon, man. How are they gonna stop KD and Steph?
No, he was already landed.
I think he ended up with 33 points. He was hitting everything!
Yeah, the radio guys have been saying 'Why even play these other games?'  Just have the Warriors and Cavs play a best of 11 series or something.
It is Steph Curry who is dominating.
Okay, who led UCLA in rebounding?
Do you think the league is soft?
I also liked Dennis Rodman
I will definitely be a great series whoever wins, don't you agree?
Me too, I think it will be tough though. Predictions are favoring the Warriors to win the series in 5 games.
Well long story short, the Magic won.
Most definitely you need to watch it!
Do you think it will be the Sixers
Remember when Stoudemire was suspended for walking on the court?
Very funny. Anyway...
It's like they have lost their mojo.
I think the may be Durant's last year.  He doesn't shine like he used to.
Was Dwayne Wade the chosen MVP for the 2006 NBA season?
The series is at 3-0 now
Let's practice right now.
That's sad.  I know they lost Thomas but he isn't the only good player on the team.
His total points over career record?
I agree, I wonder who will start for Boston?
Okay, which player led the Jazz in assists?
Who do you thing will win the NBA title.
Think about it, more than half the titles ever won in the NBA have been won by just two teams.
Where is he a coach?
Do you think the Lakers will ever pass the Celtics with the most titles?
No one will stop LeBron.
Yes its not entirely about the money.
Yep it is a fun brand of basketball to watch
It's okay.  My brother played in high school and I think it ups the tension and excitement when you know someone playing.
They are both free agents.
So who do you have winning it all?
I believe both the Warriors and Cavaliers have not lost a game in the playoffs.
Even if there are 5 players that are better than him.
It's insane. Maybe the best team ever?
yep gotta wait for that finals rematch
And the Mavericks were terrible
That was back when the OTHER Isaiah Thomas played for the Pistons. But I think his name was spelled differently.
Yeah, but his teams sucked. Lebron in the early years had terrible teams.
I don't. He's about to get paid.
They are going to be a fun team to watch in the upcoming years
Well some people do.
So you think they should just end the season and then let the Cavs and Warriors play to see who's boss?
I like that they have Jrue Holiday, but they need some outside shooting.
Agreed, if they are down 3-1 they are not coming back
Does that mean that whites do things better than blacks?
Haha. Not yet.
So the bench is outpacing the Spurs?
Yes, the other team was so rough.
Sure, but they only have 1 decent player.
Who lead Wisconsin in rebounding?
So be like the NFL and make them do 3 years in college.
I know. It's tough to watch.
He did make a bunch of baskets that game.
I think they are going to draft Lonzo Ball and he will be their point guard of the future
This is the first playoffs game if they lose that is it .
Me too, I liked him all the way back when he was in college.
Yeah I agree DiaPHramn played one hell of a game
What, they are going to keep him out for that long!
Yeah , he won't be playing in the Western conference finals.
Yeah the Lakers are the only other team to start off the playoffs 11-0.
Yeah that has made them even more potent
Yeah, he was amazing with all of those rebounds.
Okay, who was Arizona's leading rebounder?
Thats what I am saying.
How long is he out for?
I mean the Celtics are just embarrassing
I think if a team is bad every year, they should get far more high picks in the draft.
What year did the San Antonia Spurs win in the last decade?
Who had the most assists for Kentucky?
But it's not going to happen.
That's awful. I'm so sorry.
Yeah, especially since they gave up Kyle Korver
The Celtics only had a 25% chance of being first.
I cannot fathom why they did that.
Who is your all time favorite player?
Yea, after Zaza's dirty play, I think the Spurs have no chance
How so?
Me too. I would have loved to see what he could have done against the Warriors
Yeah. But now I'm not so sure.
They've been doing awesome, they won tonight like 111 to 106 or something like that!
It's incredible how much he's overcome since leaving the Cavs all those years ago.
Will they be competitive soon
Who do you think is going to win rookie of the year?
I been thinking about  the wizards lately i love them as a team but..
But Cleveland scored three more.
He does, but so does Harden. They are great players.
The Lynx have an amazing fan base and the energy they bring to the court is fantastic.
Games so much lately have been boring
One of my favorite parts of draft night is how often the crowd boos the commissioner...its kind of ridiculous.
that's right.  jackson has never been a team president until now.  it's obvious it was going to take quite a while to turn the knicks around, but the lack of progress is discouraging.
On their home court!
Yes he played as the point guard in the fourth quarter.
The man is ridiculous
Really? I don't like that at all.
No, that's impossible, but he could have even more of a legacy due to social media and stuff now.
Has Stauskas amounted to anything?
I doubt it will since he is so good anyway. He can still power through from inside the paint.
Who was the leading scorer for the Rockets?
What school was Tim James drafted from?
So you wont give him the award?
Yeah, and I think it's the same thing in the West.  Golden State will go back to the finals.
I HAVE STOPPED WATCHING BECAUSE THERE IS ZERO DRAMA NOW.
The NBA is way to predictable. They need to implement a hard cap with no luxury tax.