Big Hero 6 was well done.
So I finally saw Milan today.
Have you seen the new Beauty and Beast movie?
What is your  favorite disney movie?
What happens in the movie Fuzzbucket?
I didnt know mary poppins was a disney movie
Can Disney make one movie that isn't awesome?
Have you seen Moana?
I watched Disney's 101 Dalmations real version the other night.
Do you like monsters inc?
DID YOU SEE THE NEW DISNEY ANIMATED MOVIE MOANA?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Did you see the new Disney movie Beauty and the Beast with real people as characters?
Did you see the Jungle Book?
Hi.
Did you go to see the remake of Disney's Beauty and the Beast in the theatre?
What is your favorite Disney film?
Lion king or Aladdin? Which is better to you?
Did you see the live version of Beauty and the Beast?
Have you seen the movie Mulan?
I have A Whole New World stuck in my head.
Who is the most beautiful disney princess to you?
The Sword in the Stone was a classic film.
I rewatched The Little Mermaid over the weekend.
Did you see the cool movie Zootopia?
Did you buy Beauty and the Beast yet?
Up was such a great movie.
Did you have a favorite Disney movie growing up?
Did you like Dumbo?
I loved the new Beauty and The Beast movie. Have you seen it?
its been a while since i saw a disney movie
I feel like sequels are never any good.
The first time I saw Up I was full of such emotion.
Have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
The Haunted Mansion was on HBO today.
I don't like the movie Snow White.
Did you ever get around to seeing Moana?
I cant wait to see Mary Poppins returns next year!
Did you like Frozen?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Whats your favorite disney animated movie?
Hey, have you ever watched Toy Story?
Did you ever wonder if Snow White hates animals?
So are you ready for The Incredibles 2 to come out?
What is one of your favorite Disney movies?
Would you go see another fox and the hound movie?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Do you like the Disney movie Freaky Friday?
Hey do you like Disney movies?
Have you been on the Frozen ride yet?
moana is a great movie.
Do you like disney movies?
What is your favorite recent disney movie?
What is your favorite non cartoon Disney movie?
Did you see that the new Enchanted is being filmed this year?
Did you see Cinderella yet?
Have you seen cars 3?
Do you think people still like Fantasia?
What's your favorite Disney song ?
Did you see Cars 2 yet?
Do you like the movie Alice in Wonderland? It's my favorite Disney movie.
Did you seen Moana disney movie yet?
I think Lilo and Stitch was a severely underrated Disney movie.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
I've never gotten around to seeing Zootopia. You've seen it before, right?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast film yet?
Have you heard about the movie Gigantic?
Brave was a good movie.
What is your Favorite Disney movie?
When does the new Cars movie come out?
Blank check is a really fun movie, did you see it?
Do you know what Disney movie I've always disliked?
What are your favorite Disney movies?
I am excited about the new Toy Story movie.
We watched Finding Dory last week.
What DIsney movies are out?
Apparently the Cars franchise is continuing to do well at the box office.
I can't believe it's been so long since Snow White and the Seven Dwarves came out.
It seems to me like DIsney is out of good ideas for movies.
Did you see the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
How did you like Frozen?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
I watched Lion King with my kids the other day. I think it is one of the best Disney movies ever!
We finally saw Moana.
What do you think disney most popular movie is?
What was the first Disney cartoon movie?
did you like frozen?
Hi.
Did you know mary poppins was a disney movie?
What is your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Do you like Aladdin?
What do you think about Disney buying Star Wars?
So Moana came out on DVD and I didn't think much of it?
Every single time I see a deer, I think of Bambi.
Every time I eat stick pretzels, it makes me think about The Great Mouse Detective.
Hello.
It is strange to me how disney can make some great films and then such awful ones.
What is your favorite Disney film?
what is a underrated disney movie?
Gaston is my favorite?
I saw Pocahontas on a plane ride yesterday.
Did you know they released Cars 3 recently?
How often do you go to the movies to see a Disney movie?
Did you know national treasure was a disney movie
I never saw Disney's Hercules movie, did you?
I know my kids watched the movies a lot so I wonn't forget.
Why did they auto-tune Belle so much in the last movie?
Do you watch disney movies?
Have you seen that new Disney movie Moana?
I think my favorite song is the one Olaf sings.
Do you like Disney Movies?
I love the movie Ratatouille.
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast?
Do you remember the Walt Disney movie called Bambi?
Did you ever see Aladdin?
I miss old-school Disney animation.
It is weird to think of disney in terms of Star Wars , I always think of lucas studios.
Did you watch The Lion King when you were younger?
Did you hear Disney is making a live action film about Cruella De Vil?
Who is your favorite Disney Princess?
I got stuck watching Beuty and the Beast last week!
I can't believe they are releasing another Toy Story.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Do you like the cartoon Disney films, or the live action ones?
What was the last Disney movie you saw?
What is your favorite Toy Story movie?
Hello.
Have you seen the live action version of Beauty and the Beast?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Did you ever watch Tarzan?
I think Frozen might have the most iconic songs Disney's ever created.
Tell me ! Are you team frozen ?
How did you like beauty and the beast?
Did you know the Lion King came out the year I was born in 1994?
Did you like the scene in beauty and the beast where Gaston exiles her father
One of my least favorite Disney movies is Peter Pan. Do you like it?
Are you excited for the new release of Thor: Ragnarok?
What do you think is the most romantic Disney film of all time?
Did you see Finding Dory?
Have you seen Aladdin?
WHy is there a cars 3?
Did you go to cinema to watch Cars 3 during the weekend?
I have the song Let it Go stuck in my head!
What's your all time favorite Disney Movie?
Do you like finding nemo
What do you think is the most iconic Disney movie from your childhood?
What's your favorite Disney cartoon?
Did you see the remake of Pete's Dragon?
What's one of your favorite Disney movies?
So have you ever seen Atlantis?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Did you ever see Wreck-it Ralph?
I finally got around to watching Moana.
I think that the romance in Lady and the Tramp is the best Disney love story of all time.
Hi.
Do you like Dumbo?
Are you a fan of the Disney movie 101 Dalmations?
I watched up last night.
We will have to plan to see the new Frozen when it is out.
Did you see Monsters, Inc.
I'm looking forward to the new Little Mermaid.
Have you seen Frozen?
Would you say the little mermaid was a comedy?
What is your favorite Disney Movie?
Do you like disney movies?
I'm really psyched for the next Star Wars film.
My favorite Disney movie is Aladdin.  What is your opinion of that movie?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
You'll never guess what I watched with the kids last night.
Do you want to watch the Little Mermaid?
So what is your favorite Disney movie?
I really enjoyed the original avengers movie.
Did you hear that they are making a Cars 3 movie?
have you seen pinocchio?
Have you seen the new Disney movie that came out?
My mom just bought me the Little Mermaid on DVD.
Did you ever watch the movie Mulan?
I wish I had a magic carpet. Like in Aladdin.
Hello.
Yeah, those were pretty catchy.
What was the most impactful animated movie in your life?
I really like selena gomez as an actress
Hey, what's your favorite newer Disney movie?
Did you ever watch Tangled?
What cartoon should I take my nephew to?
We watched The Lion King last night.
Did you see Pocahontas?
Did you find the Jungle Book 2 annoying?
My daughter's having a Disney princess party, and I'm trying to decide which movie we should watch.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I heard Wreck-it Ralph 2 is coming out in 2018.
Have you seen the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie yet?
Who did you like most in Aladdin?
Have you seen Bambi?
My daughter just loves the High School Musical movies.
Do you think Ursula was really bad?
What is your favorite princess movie by Disney?
I feel like all of Disney's direct to DVD sequels are a waste of time.
I love the classic beauty and the beast
Did you see Moana?
I watched National Treasure the other night.
I finally rewatched the lion king last night.
Did you hear Disney bought Star Wars?
Did you like disney's cinderella?
Did you enjoy The Little Mermaid?
What is the most recent Disney movie you have seen?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie with Emma Watson?
Did you have any problems with Finding Dory?
I love watching Disney movies, do you?
Did you see the new live action Beauty and the Beast?
Have you ever seen The Little Mermaid?
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast?
Cars 3 came out this past weekend.  Have you seen it yet?
There are so many good Disney animated films, but Mary Poppins is my favorite.
Did you see Swiss Family Robinson?
How many times have you seen Frozen?
Moana is something else, isn't it.
Have you seen the Disney movie Moana yet?
What Disney movie would you like to see redone?
Do you have a favorite disney movie?
What Disney movie would you like to watch?
Did you see the live action Beauty and the Beast?
I want to go to Neverland.
What's your least favorite Disney character.
What's a movie from Disney that's underrated?
Do you know what year the movie "Pinocchio" came out?
have you seen moana
Did you watch Disney movies as a child?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Did you see the Little Mermaid?
Do you like to watch Disney moves?
I just saw the new Beauty and the Beast!
Have you seen The Aristocats?
Do you watch disney movies
Finding Nemo really helped me get into the Disney scene.
I just saw the new Disney movie Star Wars: The last Jedi.
Have you ever watched Aladdin?
Have you seen the new beauty and the beast?
I just can't believe it!
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Oh my gosh, I can't believe that they are making a Cars 3.
Is Dead Man's Chest out yet?
Did you ever watch Mulan?
Hey, have you watched the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Have you sen the new Cars movie yet?
I've always loved Cinderella.  It's my favorite Disney movie.
I feel like some of the Disney movies lately are hit or miss. What about you?
Did you ever see Aladdin?
Do you think Jack Sparrow is getting too old?
Did you see that Beauty and the beast is now out on Blueray and DVD?
Hi.
Can you believe that Cars 3 is now out in theaters?
Inside Out was such a great animation film.
Did you ever see that movie Ratatouille?
Did you like Finding Dory?
Ever notice that Disney movies have a real thing for orphans?
Have you seen tangled?
I think 'A Whole New World' was the best Disney song ever.
Did you see that they're making a new Mulan movie?
Have you seen Moana yet?
What kind of drugs is Disney currently on?
Have you seen any new Disney movies lately?
You know what bugs me?
Are you into the Star Wars movies?
I watched Monsters University finally!
I just watched brave last week.
What is your favorite Disney animation?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Did you see Mulan?
Mulan has got to be my favorite Disney movie.
Did you watch the latest remake of Beauty and the Beast?
Do you watch movies on the disney channel?
Hey there.
Have you seen any of the Toy Story movies?
I've been rewatching all the old Disney movies lately.
My kids keep asking to watch Disney movies.
What do you think about classic Disney films like Cinderella?
So, what did you think of Frozen?
I just found our old DVD's. We watched The Little Mermaid.
I have that Christina Aguilera song stuck in my head. From that Disney film.
i think Disney movies have gone down the hill
So I saw Cars 3 today?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast?
Do you remember when you first saw The Little Mermaid?
I think i might rent a movie.
Dad, what is your favorite Disney movie ever made?
Did you see Beauty and the Beast?
Do you like disney movies?
What did you think of Brave?
I love disney movies, what about you?
Have you seen the previews for the new Car's movie coming out?
Hi.
Have you ever watched a Disney movie on a projection screen?
What did you think about the new Beauty and the Beast?
Did you ever see Descendants?
Did you like the lion king?
What is your favorite Disney film?
Did you watch high school musical?
My daughter is addicted to Finding Dory. She requests that movie every Friday for movie night.
Did you know that Disney was inspired by Shakespeare?
Did you know they are remaking Dumbo?
Did you watch Frozen
I was just thinking about The Lion King today.
Did you ever hear of the movie Chicken Little that Disney did?
Whenever I watch 101 Dalmatians, I end up wanting to get another dog.
I love all the disney channel cinderella stories
Did you see the movie The Princess and the Frog?
Was Hercules one of Disney's worst films?
Did you ever see the classic Disney Cinderella?
Wait, is it still Disney movie if pixar makes it?
Have you ever seen disney's rescuers down under?
What are your favorite songs from Disney movies.
Have you heard that a live action Mulan movie is being made?
Do you know what the first cartoon Disney movie ever was?
I liked the remake of Beauty and the Beast.
Did you like the new jungle book?
Can you believe Disney releasing all its classic animation as live action?
What do you think about Mufassa's death?
Did you ever have to watch Disney movies in elementary school?
Did you hear that Disney is making a fourth Toy Story movie?
Have you seen big hero 6?
Did you know Flubber was a disney movie?
Did you know that in Frozen there's an Easter egg where you can see Rapunzel and Flynn?
Do you remember the movie "The Sword in the Stone"?
What did you think about Moana?
Do you have a favorite Disney princess?
My favorite Disney movie is the Princess and the Frog.
I want to watch Peter Pan again!
When are they going to make a sleeping beauty remake?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Isn't Bambi a sad movie?
A new Cars movie is coming out?
Who is your favorite actor in Toy Story?
You know, Disney was really good at making me cry growing up.
I just saw Cars 3.
I wonder what Disney movies will be released on dvd this year?
Have you seen the new Cars movie yet?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What is your favorite disney movie
Is it just me or is Ariel mean?
Tomorrowland was a great movie.
What do you think of the new Disney movie, Moana?
I just sat through Toy Story with my nephew and boy do I miss the old Disney movies.
I love Aladdin.
What did you think about The Lion King 2.
What's your favorite Disney film?
Did you watch the movie Beauty and the Beast when you were a kid?
Mulan is one of my favorite movies.
How great was Robin Williams in Alladin?
I miss the old Disney movies.
Have you seen Little Mermaid?
Do you remember when Lion King was made?
What's your favorite Pirates movie?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Did you see the new, live action Beauty and the Beast movie?
Hello.
Hey my daughter wants to watch something called Frozen, is that a good idea?
Do you think Disney will ever stop making Pirates movies?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Did you see the new beauty and the beast?
Do you think they should do another Alladin?
What's the best Disney movie ever made?
My kids broke their Frozen DVD today.
Do you think Timon and Pumba were a good influence on Simba?
Have you ever seen the movie "Beauty and the Beast"?
What do you think disney's greatest film triumph is?
What was the name of that actor in the pirate movie we saw?
Do you like Pinocchio?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What should I rent tonight?
Did you know that Bambi is coming out on Blu Ray?
which pixar disney movie do you like best?
I can't believe they finally made a sequel to Finding Nemo!
I watched Beauty and the Beast for the first time last night.
They are going to be making a show about Cruella De Vil before 101 Dalmations starring Emma Stone.
Did you see Beauty and the Beast
Who is your favorite character in the Jungle Book?
hi there.
Did you like Toy Story?
We should watch a Disney movie tonight.
What is your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Do you like the older Disney movies or the newer versions?
What was your favorite part about Princess and the Frog?
What do you think of disney's more recent work?
Can you recommend a good Disney movie for me?
You know what's a good movie?  Lady and the Tramp.
So what would be one of your favorite Disney movies of all time?
What did you think about Cinderella's fairy god mother
So, please tell me what you think of Lilo and Stitch.
Have you ever seen Aladdin?
Have you seen the new Pirate movie?
How did you feel about Maleficient?
Are you excited to see the new Cars 3 movie?
I finally watched Up like you told me and I cried!
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Have you ever seen The Little Mermaid?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Was inside out a disney movie?
One Disney movie I didn't watch much growing up was Sleeping Beauty.
Did you like Bambi?
I never got to watch the entire Alice in Wonderland movie.
Hello.
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
I like Sleeping Beauty a lot.  Aurora is my favorite heroine of the Disney films.
Have you seen The Incredibles?
I'm sure they will do a good job with the new movie.
Have you seen the latest Pirates of the Carribean movie?
Did you see Beauty and the Beast in theaters?
Did you know they are making Toy Story 4?
Have you seen 'Frozen'?
I cried when the original Baymax also "died". Glad he gave Hero his disk so he could rebuild him.
Or you're just over-reacting to a cartoon.
I will probably go get a copy for my collection too.
I think I will. Thanks for the reminder.
It's a great movie though. Not many people know about it. But, it is Disney.
Probably not
I can't wait to see what they come up with next!
So would I!
That's right. She was a wicked woman.
Mine made me buy it
YES, IT SHOWED THEY HAD BRAVERY. THE COCONUTS WERE ALSO VERY FUNNY!
Wow, you're a terrible person.
Great-I loved the animated Beauty and the Beast.  I am looking forward to seeing this one with real people as the characters.
Living in a jungle would actually be terrible
Yeah me too.
I agree. I cannot wait until the next remake!
There was a great song during that scene.
Either way that was a powerful  and popular song.
I think you'll enjoy it if you just take it on it's own, don't compare.
She becomes a warrior princess. She saves her country. She's definitely a princess.
Oh my God, the little mice in that movie are so cute!
True more twists also or surprises than in disney's original  animated films like snow white.
Yes, and so is the one from The Fox and the Hound.
Yeah, when he's trapped in the kitchen with the chef cooking all the seafood, thats a great scene.
Sure. Do you remember the sloth? I think that's the best part.
No joke, don't remind me!
Well, it just kind of seemed like the talking-dog invention and some other stuff came a bit out of nowhere at the end of the movie.
Yes, but at the end it always ends so happily.
Oh that maybe pretty neat! I wonder how they would manage a flying elephant... cgi probably.
I would be the first one there, hoping JTT still plays Simba. Nineties crush forever.
the soundtrack was great too
Oh for sure! I cry at Jessie's song every time.
Yes, Carl became like a grandfather for Russell who needed a good father figure.
Disney needs to kick out more animated films.
I would pay $10 in a theater to see it for sure.
Doc is not bad either.
I wonder if they're planning on making a sequel, so we can see what the characters are up to now.
I agree, these films really bring people together!
They did make a ton of money off of it.
Yea, I cried, I think everyone did.
I know I can depend on a Disney movie to entertain my whole family.
Well, they did turn it into a Broadway show, so they have that.
...and beyond!
You need serious help.
Not sure, but it's the same director and he said he'd never do a sequel unless he had an idea, so I'm excited.
Her song is so memorable.
The fox though was a little nerve wracking at first!
She was lazy
I'll watch the old one and let you know.
Me too, they never disappoint.
Honestly, most people hate it but I love Epcot.
and also watching how the gods made the hook, and the proccesses it took to do it!
Yes it is
Fair enough, I think you may be right. It was crazy popular.
Airbud Golden Receiver.
Emma Watson did wonderful as Belle.
Probably so.  She's nothing like Aurora.
Yours too
This is true, but I dont get its allure.
We really need to watch Mulan like right now.
So true. Well let me know what you think about it after you see it.
Everytime I see a flamingo I think about the game of croquet...
Yes. He is and he did a really good job on it to.
That is kinda deep. I'll have to check it out.
I always wanted to be Jasmine from Aladdin.
Well, you probably weren't expecting this, but Shakira's in the movie too.
Good point. I think I'll rent the new Beauty and the Beast this weekend.
I wish Disney had a channel on tv where it just showed the 90s cartoons they did.
Many of them. Many daughters think their mothers are too bossy.
Yes! He gives the movie a great sense of humor.
That's what it looked like to me too. The first preview looked scary!
Thank you for the recommendation.
Wow. You've got some strong feelings about poor Ariel.
You're right I forgot about that. He was circling the chimney!
Oh, I love the first one. It is so innovative.
Even an adult likes Nemo movies.
Speed? I am speed!
Apparently Tow Mater, Lightning McQueen and other cars from the first two movies are in this one as well.
I guess we'll never know. At least she gave them all a kiss on the head goodbye.
No. If she were why would they auto tune her?
I agree - I loved the Tia Dalma/Calypso/Davy Jones themes.
They had to put in comedic relief from what's a pretty harrowing story otherwise.
When Pan flew for the first time.
The love story within the plot is definitely a plus.
You're making me want to re-watch it!
Scar was such a good character. Lion King had so many good characters and songs.
Pinocchio!
i think so too.
Yeah I think it is.
The whole movie is great
Yes, haha. Bear necessities those simple bear necessities.
Has he done any other Disney movies?
That's a cool theory
No, the Emperor sucked her life force to save Anakin.
Everybody but me!
But it's a cute movie all the same.
Yes, though watching it now I have to laugh at how silly some of the lines are!
Yeah I know what you mean.
Well I suppose they are trying to make as much money as possible.
I will watch it. I also need to see Frozen.
i agree.
Well if they did Gaston right, I guess I will have to go check it out.
You should give the movie another try, just mute his parts.
I probably won't end up seeing it.
I cant wait for the sequel!
Or secrets they wanted us to know
No, sorry.
Ya I love his song.
Her performance was pretty good.  Helps that she's so pretty.
They should come out with another one
I don't think they could have chose better.
I actually have the movie do you want to watch it now?
Oh i know! How dare she poison snow white!
I did not see that coming.
That's fun! I hope they do more live-action Disney movies.
Thumper was such a good friend to him, teaching him how to speak.
Agreed. Aladdin is definitely the best of the best.
I wonder if Disney will ever go back to it!
I think that is very true. You know disney is going to keep pumping them out.
It was the opposite for me. It made me want to try it!
You're right, I bet she'll do great.
I guess they are very similar!
The old one wasn't very likeable either
Yes, it's has a timeless quality to it.
Oh that's so cute. Of course I loved Baloo and Baghera too.
It's about a boy who has an imaginary friend and then he comes to life!
Not really, I felt they did a fantastic job. All tho the beast did look a little out of place. He just didn't seem real enough.
Yes, I do. Pixar is awesome at telling stories.
Love that movie.
I agree, I can't wait to see this movie!
Yeah, he wasted his whole teenage life.
It really added a mystique to the movie.
And Under the Sea, and Poor Unfortunate Souls, and Kiss the Girl--you get the idea. It's easily the best.
Olaf is too cute !
Sounds great, I'll make sure my children watch that movie as well.
They do make the whole show so funny.
There are seven dwarfs in snow white
Well, you figure back then, maybe they didn't have as good of writers.
He's so good looking in the Pirates movie series, too.
Yeah, he was great.
I guess when I think about Finding Nemo, Dory does stick out.  Guess that is why they went that route.
I actually cried at the end when genie leaves. I know it is happy ending but I always get teary.
cool
That is interesting. It looks Disney produces many different types of movies.
I don't think they should have locked Elsa away though. That's not fair.
It has to be at least 10?
Thanks for talking to me.
Such a good movie. I need to buy it on DVD for when I have kids.
Agreed, but I'm sure this generation loves it just like we loved it back then.
The CGI was fantastic. It was like the dragon was really there interacting with the people. He was not cartoon looking either.
Yes, Olaf is a great character!
And of course Milo is just super adorkable. I had a bit of a crush on him when I first watched it.
I agree with that.
That was actually Sarah Silverman.
I have never been disappointed in any Disney film.
Or the Tramp to our Lady.
We still watch ours all the time.
Alice of course.
Exactly!  It's ridiculous!
Maybe they'll make a sequel.
Ya that is another one they really liked.
I liked the scare meter scenes
Exactly
Yet another reason as to why it was such a good movie, it stays with you!
Yeah so it was like every other Disney film.
I hope so.
It was a great overall movie
Yeah, like those prequels. God.
Carpet is the true in this movie.
He's a comedian, I don't know his name.
Oh, she was one of my favorites back in the day, so pretty and cute. I think I'm going to have to watch the movie now!
If you think about it, though, she is scorned. She lost her power to Tritan, she is just trying to get even.
I agree, the new one was good, but never as good as the original.
I'm not sure if I could ever be an Avenger.
I hope they have it in Cars 3 too!
i never really thought about it
Me too.
I will grab my copy this weekend!
I never actually heard of that one.
That he was. May he rest in peace.
Me too.
Yeah, it was super nice of him to do that for us.
Yes, and fast. I thought it was a good break from the princesses at Disney.
Thats why i love them
I even jumped a couple times from his loud booming voice.
I will see if it's on Netflix.
Let me know how he likes it!
Yes there is. I know I have one in my family.
Yeah
Wow, I didnt think it was that big of a flick to start.
It's very similar to the animated one, I think you'll enjoy it.
You haven't seen Old Yeller my friend.
I wonder what the next movie will be about.
Well some movies you can only go so far without ruining it completely, so we will see.
I agree. Aladdin was a great story.
I'm going to.
Yes, that was when he became popular.
We are what we are. She is a villiain with a good voice.
Maybe your Prince Charming will find you!
I loved Miss Bianca and Bernard, they were so cute!
I love it
Really?  I thought she was exactly how Belle should act.
Well considering Disney did it, I guess it couldn't have been boring for her.
Yea, they still hold up in 2017.
Thanks!
Yes, that was my friend's wedding song.
I think it is called "Kiss the Girl."
When Rapunzel reunites with her mom and dad.
The movie kept you on the edge of your seat. For being animated, it was really good.
What was the name of it?
That would be pretty cool. I would enjoy that.
I will go and get it after work!
That's very true.
Alright maybe I will.
My daughter loves McQueen and Mater.  We will see you guys Saturday afternoon for the movie.
No way.
They had so many animals
I agree, that's a great movie but Ursula is just too scary for my daughter so we haven't watched past the beginning of that movie.
Yeah, the character development -- that's probably the ticket. Moana feels like someone you can try to be, in your life.
I couldn't agree more.
True. But a love story is a love story!
Yea, its cute
Oh wow, that's really something!
The beast sure turned handsome when he turned human again.
Poor Wendy! She's not that bad.
And many great heroes/heroines!
I know I always enjoyed the whole thing.
That just goes to show you that being honest pays off.
totally
That sounds fun.  What great memories.
I agree with that. The original movie had a special feeling that can't be recreated.
You would need plenty of lights, which might attract all kinds of critters
This is true, my kids will be pleased.
Me, too. I'm sure we will play it on repeat!
I think so. The whole atmosphere is so fun.
I want thwm to come out with another one
Neither did I, but we all know it was out.
I'd better hurry and see this one on the big screen in theaters then.
It could be seen that way but I still liked the movie.
right, there were scenes with belle and the candlesticks that were not smooth
It's a shame.  Let's just hope it's good.
That was creepy, but also necessary.
Exactly!
They should
That was the part that showed that intelligence could play more of a role than just physical toughness.
They usually change movies so much when remaking them. That's so surprising that they didn't do it with this one.
Is Cruz supposed to be his new rival?
It's so romantic when they sing "So This Is Love."
I did enjoy that movie a lot although it would be nice to see Maleficent get a romantic true love.
I didn't see it either. I didn't really want to.
Oh brother.
I felt exactly the same. Belle was my favorite character in the movie.
Interesting.
I know. If they bring in a bunch of other characters it just won't be the same.
Sometimes you have to leave well enough alone though.
Cool. I wonder if there were any other famous actors in that movie.
No, I saw it on Blu Ray.
Yeah, he turns out to be like the king of all thieves or something... been a few years.
Thank you
I'm not sure if we can be friends anymore.
I agree, I like when they stay with a traditional storyline.
There's still work to be done, but its a good start.
You ready for cgi Robin Williams!
Absolutely.  The content of these films is perfectly fitting for a child.
Mine was too busy dancing around to the music.
I'm going to spend all weekend watching them, then.  It is settled!
Yeah, but this prequel gave us such new information!
I wonder if they will come out with another one
He plays Ratigan.
Everyone grew up with Disney. It's like a family tradition.
Either way, it was well written
I know. I'm just happy he didn't melt.
A singing teapot would certainly make mornings better.
Yea, i always let my kids watch her
One of my favorites.
Me too. It was a beautiful ending.
Oh yeah, that one has a lot of themes I didn't pick up as a kid.
You are right! There's always a good moral!
And that's what Disney once stood for: transcendent movies that brought out the child in all of us.
Ahhh.. but they were so funny!  "I grew a mushroom!"
Me too. It sticks in your head.
You should. It's one of the last great animated films!
It's a date.
Nope, just opinionated!
That's really interesting.
You're right. Those are some big, nostalgic shoes to fill.
You should watch it and tell me how it is.
My favorite part is when he was first introduced, he appeared scary but was a friendly person.
I think a gun would have scared them away
Me too!
Yes, I am glad her mom turned back into a human.
Thats one of my favorites too
It is 112 minutes in length so it is a bit longer than the older ones.
Same here.
I cant wait to see if they do another one.
I think Emma Watson did a really good job, but her role was still similar to Hermione.
Snow White, hello?  I know the older classics too, buddy.
I like that they rarely do sequels.
I hope they don't foul it up.
I womder if they plan on making another one
I think that's what makes those movies so popular. There's something for everyone.
Well, Nala was surprisingly cute for an animated lion!
That it is. I love the baby mine song, wonder if they will include any of the original music in the remake.
Yeah, he was silly
At least he has Nala by his side.
It was still a fun movie, though. I remember Patrick Stewart was in it, too!
You've got that right.
They are all good
Not set out in a castle in the woods. Maybe someday I'll see it.
I am one of them too, so count me in!
We've really come a long way in a short time.
Next summer. That' when it will be released. That's going to be so good.
Never thought of that before, but true scuttle is also very funny.
Most of them are love songs
Cri-Kee and Mulan's horse were funny too.
Yes. That one, and "Whistle While You Work".
It may be CGI!  Let's hope.
I do think Disney has really mastered that CGI well. Especially with the jungle book remake.
He did the Jungle Book too.
He should have started his own pride
He should do the next Disney soundtrack!
I'm surprised too. I hope it's good but I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
I was thinking about buying it
Just how he managed to have so many quirky one liners while maintaining his laughter.
That's so crazy! But I guess it would make sense.
No wonder my daughter calls me an old fuddy duddy
Well said.
Belle was an intellectual, though.
Exactly.
That silly crocodile!
She'll probably really like it when she's older.
No, that's marketing.
Yes and Bambi overcomes it.
Hope they can pull it off. Sometimes sequels are not the best!
Yes, it is a great talent to be able to voice a character.
Me too; it's a shame they had to leave each other because of their positions.
I will have to take them tonight. It sounds fun!
Then, it seems you are all caught up for the year as soon as you get Bambi.
Those little aliens in the claw machine are the cutest.
There's just something about old Disney movies that can't be recaptured.
okay
You really need to get out more and stop focusing on mermaids.
Ha ha! I do the same. Nothing ever happens though sadly.
Disney is just amazing.
Really makes me sad to think how old we all are now, that movie came out in 1957!
Robin Williams did a great job.
Yea, those were way better hahaha!
I hope the songs are just as good as the first one.  Let it Go was in my head for at least a year.
No, he told me the first time he watched it with his son, he cried.
I will see that as well!
You never know with disney sometimes it takes time.
Well that is unsettling.
I would really be excited about seeing that!
I really did too! His character was perfect.
By no means easy though!
I just find enjoyment in them.
I think it looks really dark, but I still want to see it.
And the costumes worked so well!
That sounds nice.
Yeah, the parents drown in the ocean after their ship sinks, so, there's that.
I think he has a good deal of remorse.
She was willing to sacrifice everything to take her fathers place in the army, that is called fortitude.
My point exactly! The technology has evolved for adults, not children. Children will always enjoy a good cartoon no matter what the format. Adults, not so much.
Maybe that is partly why you did not care for the real life version. I sometimes find it hard to enjoy remakes of favorite films of mine.
He was such a great voice actor.
True, I too like the classic Disney princesses with dresses and castles
No worse than Elsa freezing it!
He was seen as a leader after he had been gone for way too long
I think I will see it, but I will probably wait until it comes out on Netflix or Direct TV.
So many people grew up with disney films and disney world /land hard not to love him and all his film work.
Keith Richards.
That was sort of his role for the film.
That's what made the fishes' journey so difficult.
Watch it! I'll rent your next movie for you if you don't like this one!
Wow, that is really sweet. Must make them feel so great!
me too
Me too, as do my kids!
My favorite song is Be Our Guest.
The villain never wins in a Disney show.
Not me, my favorite is Cinderella.
Yes, it is one of the best cartoons ever made.
It really is a great movie.
I think it was the first animated film made
It was. I liked that was completely different than her normal characters.
Yes, it was! The whole movie was wonderful - a true classic.
I might have to watch the movie now!
Why not? They were pusing a left wing agenda.
I did not think of Tomorrwland as  a flop, but they do have different levels of work quality now more than the past.
Yeah, and there is an alligator that lives in the water. He is scary.
Agree 100% with you.
Apparently Woody and Buzz Lightyear go on a search for Bo Peep, who was given away.
No
If I can recall, they were hilarious.
You're welcome
I'll do that. I'm glad you liked it, though!
Theres no possible way.
Definitely, and you too.
And you have to adopt Dug!
Poncho, for sure!
Wow, that sounds kind of interesting.
Yeah but I love the classics
Ya, I liked that aspect too. Also just how strong minded she was as well.
I agree with you there!
No
Sounds good. I'll bring popcorn.
Cool.
He really sold that role.
That's one of my favorite scenes, too.  I love the song they sing.
She was, and so were Anastasia and Drizzella. And that awful cat Lucifer.
You should I bet you would like it.
I hope they make more of these movies!
Yes, it adds depth for me and I get to experience it in a new way.
Don't be silly. They wouldn't do that.
Me too. Disney movies just really stand up to the test of time, in my opinion.
I think everybody has cried at that movie?
101 Dalmations.
No, I haven't seen it. What is it about?
Can I include Marvel movies?
Yes but also pixar, you know they sometimes do them together.
I did watch that when I was little but it wasn't a fave.
It was a great film
I did when I was little.
Hi.
Aladdin, you?
She's drawn to look so pretty.
I have, it's one of my favorite Disney movies.
Ya I hope they have good music in it.
Not yet but my family and I are this weekend.
Yes, when I was a kid.
What did not know that!
Thankfully not - I'm sick of hearing that 'Let It Go' song everywhere.
That whole thing with Carl and Ellie was so sad.
Which one?
It's about a mermaid named Ariel who gives up her voice in order to be able to go on land.
No just the animated ones.
Ah that makes sense. Felt a little different than regular disney animated films.
Did you like the Jungle Book?
I liked the way it showed nature
I only ever saw pieces of the movie.
Do you like disney movies?
Mine too! What was your favorite part?
Do you like the fairies in the movie?
Mine too. I wish they would make a second one.
I'm pretty excited to see it.
I think you will like it.
I saw it when I was a kid too.
Yes, and Don Rickles who played Mr. Potato Head just died.
I know how you feel. It's crazy Disney is still making hits, though.
They made you love them and then they killed her!
The original, there is no other one in my book.
Why does she want to go on land?
Oh ok, then probably Cinderella.
I too notice the pixar flair in the collaborations they do.
I loved that when I was little! My favorite was the big bear.
It was also cool to see how the deer grew up
I don't remember much. Except I'm late for an important date.
Yeah sure.
When they take the magic carpet ride.
Yes, I do.  They are very charming.
I thought they were?
I've seen every Dinsey movie and Frozen is one of my favorites.
Oh, how so?
Did you see it when they released it for a couple days a few years ago?
Oh no. That is sad. What will they do?
Disney is timeless. You can still watch an older Disney movie and it stands up to the test of time.
I wanted them to just be happy forever!
Well you'd be wrong, there are sequels and remakes, but ok.
She falls in love with a handsome prince, but since she's a mermaid she can't get to know him.
Wow thats a shocker.
Maybe it is the actual annimation technique or drawings.
Me too he was pretty funny.
It was probably accurate on a deer's life
That's funny. Was that the Mad Hatter.
Me too.
yea that was awesome, it had some great voice actors too.
I like that they are portrayed as older women.
No, I don't think so. What other Disney movies do you like?
Oh wow I know I have seen a lot of Disney movies but not sure if I have seen every one.
Jack Sparrow does a great job in this one.
Yeah, wasn't it in 3d?
Luckily all the voice work was already completed.
I watched 'Beauty and the Beast' for the first time since I was a kid and the animation is gorgeous.
But wasn't Russell just the cutest?
Yea, but those don't capture you in the same way as the original animated movie.
Does she end up marrying him?
I know most people dont say that huh
Well whatever it is I enjoy it.
Another great Disney movie was Snow White and the little Dwarfs.
i would not want to be a deer that is being hunted
Yes.
What was the last one you saw?
It sure did, Robin Williams was my favorite.
That was something I liked, too.  They seemed like mother figures to Aurora.
Cinderella is my favorite.
Ya I try to make sure I see every Disney movie at the theater if possible.
He did a great job in all of them so far.
Yes, it was
That is good but still sad that he died.
It's amazing what they were able to do decades ago, and it still looks beautiful.
Yes! I want to go on an adventure with him and Carl.
I agree, I think Cruela Devil plays an amazing villain.
Yes, but first she has to make him fall in love with her even though she can't talk.
I think its a classic
Ya they seem to have a winning history. They did Up and Wall-e too.
Yes that is a definite classic! I loved it.
Didn't the mom get shot?
What was the deal with the two huge playing cards?
I watched Hercules recently.
I agree, but it Gilber Godfrey as Iago comes as a close second.
Prince Phillip is my favorite prince of the Disney films.  He is so handsome.
The song, "So this is love" is beautiful.
wow that is really impressive. Which ones were your favorite?
I agree, but this he gave his best performance yet.
I also saw The Lion King in 3d
Yes. I wonder what the story line will be though?
Alice in Wonderland' is still an amazing feat of animation.
But it'd have to be in that house right?
Yea, you really learn to hate her, she's despicable.
That sounds challenging. I don't understand how you can fall in love with someone if you can't talk to them.
I think so too
They have done so many good ones.  Brave was also a joint effort I believe.
Which of the dwarfs was your favorite?
She might have
I really don't remember.
I haven't seen that one in ages.
What an annoying voice, he was perfect for that role.
I had such a crush on him when I was a kid.
I like that too. When they're dancing it plays. Seems romantic.
Hmm... that's tough. Frozen definitely and Toy Story
Oh wow, I can't wait to see it.
Cool!
I do too. Maybe it will focus on the toys in their new home.
That's definitely one of my favorite Disney movies. The scene with the Queen of Hearts and all the cards is so scary!
Well of course. You can't go anywhere unless you travel in that house.
Who was your favorite dog?
The evil sea witch Ursula tries to stop them from falling in love by using Ariel's voice to woo the prince.
Well sometimes people tend to gravitate towards the more recent movies
Brave was so good. Loved seeing a redhead for a change.
I would say probably Grumpy, I can relate the most to him.
You aren't supposed to shoot does.
Well, some night we will have to watch it together.
It's a really good one.
Yea, and so was Robin Williams as the genie.
I did, too.  I love that scene where Aurora meets him for the first time in the forest.
The wicked Stepmother was awful.
Oh ya I liked Toy Story a lot too. I haven't seen the third one yet.
I bet, it is #1 at the box office currently.
Do you like Disney films in 3d?
It would be really sad if they show the girl that Andy gave the toys to grow up and not want to play with them also.
I remember feeling claustrophobic and panicky when I saw that scene as a kid.