That's all you got. You need to earn your class for those of you who don't know Jacob Foo is the brother of Josh boob daughters with us for a little bit and we have Josh Josh's has moved back to Atlanta where you guys are from right? Yep. He's usually off camera. Sorry I want to do that. I want to play with one day. We listening to right now. I don't want to after the she break. This is Jacob. Tell tell more about your relationship isn't about just you can explain actually what you do? Yeah.A buildable Jacob you telling your relationship builds the we move back to Vegas in February. So we live here now. We're going to travel Blog full time and for the past six years. We've been moving to New City every year to write about the city and the surrounding area nomades nomades kind of somebody who doesn't have a permanent all basically and he's pretty humble but their blog is like one of the biggest right travel blogs. If not the biggest travel blog. It's up there. I'm just saying it's the local Adventurer but like like you were saying cuz I was asking what we were talking about this beforehand.I thought your fan base was just like like a really small dedicated not small but very dedicated fanbase what you were saying that all the time. It just people constantly coming in and checking out random articles. And yeah, I mean, I think it's probably cuz of the way we built a blog when Esther started it it was primarily because she couldn't find the information that she wanted. So she's neither of us are like, we're not great writers. We don't really like writing like stories per se but we like to find the information and give that information to people so that's kind of how the site was built in. So I think it's more of a resource than it is like people following our personal lives. Right? Right, right, right Jake of work. All right. All right, you know if I throw out some some small Burns here and there then what are you doing?Last time with the Kevin thing, there's a lot of people were like, I don't like that pop was going after Kevin like that. They're not going to defend me is much here a Jack or day-care. Whatever. I think it was pretty apparent that you guys were I think you just very offended that you're pretty sensitive. I'm not sure I went to gym once this week with that being said, I guess we'll jump back into I don't remember cuz you're laughing right? I met Jacob and I met you I meant Jacob on internet icon was basically like American Idol, but forNot YouTube at the time especially and that's what I meant. Pop goes. Well with this Following Season, we did two seasons and want to eat and and Jacob was a finalist with his brother. I wasn't if I was there's only spare play we both got eliminated basically on the same episode the episode right before the finals to add 3 final. Yeah. Yeah. I don't remember if I voted to get rid of you guys or not. Yeah. I don't remember. I don't think you like Moana and dry towels were kind of issue in right over killing. It is between us and Lana and I think he just like Lionel better like me cuz he's a racist and he just hates me now. That's we're going to screencap that put that in the intro to the tweets much weed. He just straight-up said thanks will he was kind of like what he said as he doesn't want to be on podcast because he asked him to be on the podcast. Now you're revealing who runs the Twitter. I not I'm not revealing. It's not me narrowing it down. It's pretty obvious that it's not me that I see it after the fact when I get to narrow it down to all of these are good questions for so-and-so. Yeah, but basically that was handling the Twitter. I was like, oh, yeah. Would you like to be on the podcast and eat on one of his videos? He saw it and basically like roasted was like, wow, you're pretty much saying that your fans want me to be on the podcast but not you and it's just like damn that's very true. And also he was like, he doesn't want to do podcast because like media will take things in like Twisted in a way and let you know you just want to be a responsible to Ashley. So that's why he was like, I don't want to do it. Yes to be very careful with what he says. Very understandable people always. Yeah, that's We like Josh and I had this conversation before you guys started filming look like they could take anything. We say and twist it. Yep. We should just make sure we're always super nice, but then we got cut out of everything but that's not me. That's all reality shows were even the most realistic ones. It's there's no real reality show other than being like the YouTube vlogging and then even then you don't know for sure and it's being like a hundred percent real, you know, what they're cutting. You don't know if they're acting but most reality shows. It's like unless you're crazy or that's usually how they get you that so you can screen time cause drama that show I witnessed it firsthand. I was like all this is so interesting cuz we had producers and stuff and directors that have done this before and I was just like It's so interested in like they're their discussions. Like how can we throw a wrench into like things are going too well for people how come you threw a wrench into I was like, wow, that's so this is how it works. This is literally talk crap about anybody. I don't remember it was probably the earlier episodes because towards the ending it was like the people that were great for the show and then we're good, you know, it wasn't like fan voting cuz I wouldn't too costly to have to have live in that stuff out. So it was based on the judges and none of that was fake. Like we actually came to a consensus but then they would have to say to that they would give their recommendations. I like this guy is like so not good on camera or this person is you know, really good. Yeah. So what was your impression on of of Paco? I was the one I was only like them and it's really, you know, because I didn't really know him. Yeah. So I can just cut it you could you could I could just watch and Drake put it back. I mean, I mean, I like them they were you guys were on the shows. Obviously. I liked you guys actually know you guys did really well. I mean, I know it's not it would they did do really well. I mean you're currently still doing this blog is very successful. I saw I found it so interesting cuz I want to go check it out because I wanted to do some research really read blogs, but I find a really interesting that you posted you guys post your earnings. We do this past month you made $21,000 while little more than that off just doing that blog out sponsorships and they show their whole break down to sugar cost. I think that was like that's fascinating for one. Like why did you decide to the show that is very private thing and then also, How how are not the easiest thing to get around? You know, I mean like it's very specific. Also, are you hiring usually you're looking to make the same jokes, but then like when gas make it inside joke, that's very hard work. Yeah. So we we were really took it was a lot of debate over sharing our income reports every month, but I think the idea was we wanted to show other aspiring bloggers how we do what we do, right? And so is supposed to be a resource. Yeah. It's a really private thing and we don't want to post it to be like bragging about anything or so anything is really to show cuz I think there's a we get the question a lot like oh, how are you guys doing this full-time or what are you and I'm sure you get that question as like a YouTuber make money all the time. It's still pretty on the street for that reason to show people that can be done cuz I really believe People can do what they want and chase their dreams in like a responsible way. That's not a very nice thing to say, but you know what? I mean? I read that one in which interesting cuz you or I don't know if that's a wrote it but you're talkin about the initial e so, when are you guys I guess what I'm asking is when did you start and then how did it because she said you wouldn't be like 50 bucks in a month or so. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah we made it was nothing at the beginning and primarily because we didn't know how to make money right so Esther started the blog actually when we move to LA to do YouTube ISO Esther was doing 2013. Okay. She's looking for something new to do and just started to post about our travels cuz we just like to travel and then she realized that people were doing this full-time. And so I started doing some research of like How do I do this more strategically and be smart about it? And so started to build that up? And then when we move to Vegas the first time that's when like there's a good like it's just a little Snowball Effect right there more people finding the blog is getting a bigger audience and she's amazing on the back end creative side, but needed help on the business side. So that's when I YouTube and then decided to help. So when that was that was like what what year was remember so when Josh stayed right? So what at what I mean if it's not too personal about it in that first when you at first month when you decided to stop doing YouTube, what was your income at that point? Honestly, I don't remember then it was definitely not enough to be sustainable. Right but that's why it's interesting because to take that leap going to completely different direction in something. That's not making anything really we saw I think it's just that I saw the potential and we said this is the same with YouTube. We we didn't make a crazy amount of money, but we made enough to make a living off of it right for two years, especially if you live in Vegas, yes, but we gave ourselves a year and Ashley when we move to LA to say like if we can make enough money to make a living then we'll try again for another year and we came out to Vegas to do the same thing and we weren't releasing the growth that we want to do. So that's why I'm talking about like it's good to chase your dreams but be realistic about it cuz we basically gave ourselves the time frame of like, okay, we have enough savings to pursue it for a year beyond that. You know, it's not really responsible for us to do it anymore. We talked about a very similar thing to before in the past about like I think what the question was like expiring to be a YouTuber. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the same thing we're saying like we don't wanna be the people it ended up sounding like don't follow your dreams, but it was like the point of like be smart about it and no like you have to weigh out the risks. Like if if I had quit YouTube. Yeah, right it when I was in college and at the time you were getting paid relate, then you have to realize my mom made me realize I hate all your friends will be graduated. You have to come back and be with a bunch of kids just like you weigh out the deposit and negative so far you guys it like do you have a fallback plan? So I think we've always had that mentality that worst case scenario. We can go back and get regular jobs, right, you know when it comes down to it. I don't have an issue getting back to I used to work for corporate job. I can go back to your corporate job if I need to sew in the blog when I when I end up Helping us through the blog. We still had, you know, we calculate we had enough savings to do like a year-and-a-half two years of like living conservatively to see if we can make it happen. And then that was about when it broke for us like the Tipping Point of it doing well. So the last two years I like two years ago we did decent. I don't know maybe like a hundred fifty k for the year. And then last year we did like 250k, so we were able to grow and scale the business and then terms of how it's just I think it's like YouTube in terms of it. It's a numbers game so far as we have a decent amount of people visiting the site every month. So we're able to make money off ad Revenue then we also do sponsorships and then like a small percentage of affiliate sales. So that's like if you were if we tell you hey, we bought ninja milk on Amazon and give you are link and Paco's to buy it is still the same price for Paco, but we make a small percentage of that right? Cuz it's you're still bringing. People to his thing and you're putting your stamp on it and your snap is valuable now, so I was wondering about that cuz what if have you ever have you ever endorsed anything or about a place that you did not hundred percent. I got say you didn't especially the beginning at the beginning when when it's like I bet you can remember like granules early on definitely there are you're just excited for the first brand deal. I think the biggest regret we had was Bud Light Lime really. Yeah, we got that. We haven't even tried it. We tried it like this is disgusting. Don't mind Bud Light Lime. Really? I just drink a lot of it. I hated it unlikely to sign a contract. I was going to be professional about raving reviews about it. But we also didn't say we dated it, right? You know, if so, here's a new thing. Do you like I feel like I wouldn't know if I was reading I was like sure you know, yeah, you can probably tell that we didn't like it. But yeah, I think it's like Lessons Learned, you know, we learned. Okay, we shouldn't endorse products that we don't like cuz it just ruins Integrity exact I had to learn that too hard way, but I mean he was even more so like back in the day on YouTube or like if you even if it was a product you liked people just hated you mix any brand used to be so genuine and so like he was in a cell and then the moment you do something that you even even if it's a product you like. It's like yourself it's different now though people are more open to it. We don't have any add reach today, but thanks a ninja milk for sponsoring this happen. And even though audiences are a lot more open today, you still kind of refrain from doing a lot of brand deals and you do have opportunities in so I think this is very interesting because you come from a place where it like, you said your ad revenues really does really well but brand deals. I'm sure that's like a huge and that is a lot with Ryan is more like AdSense or what whatever you get some but I should be doing more brand deals. You should have just it's different when they can feel like this is it's a lot easier cuz it's just, you know, you do a read and if it's something that I call you I could use that or I used it. It's super easy because we just talked about but if it's like I'll make a like a trailer like one of those like fake trailers around this if it's not funny or like cool or interesting and that's not an easy thing to do without a product. If you throw a product in there it just kind of ruined it now, you know as a different type of content, your building is very different. Yeah, log year just Challenge videos that you can just throw the product into right you're doing like fully scripted stuff and so obvious but yeah making a whole skit around a product is not that easy. So you got a lot of crap for that to ask video like for tonight. Yeah. Well, that one wasn't like fortnite came to me. I had the idea and I went to fortnite and let's talk about that again is because there are a lot of brands of go to you. But you know, you kind of don't you rarely ever put second thought into it at first you had to reach out for Brad but now brands are coming out to you almost expect. Yeah. Yeah for sure. How did you start that off? Because you know, like being like our blog is very like legitimate and everything. So I mean my background is in sales and account managing so I kind of knew how to do that already, but it was essentially a putting together like a Media Kit or putting together like basic deck of your numbers and then just reaching out and saying this is what we want to do in this is why you should work with us. So you're saying you make a deck for every single sponsor you make like a generalized that then you pitch with your deck you send it to the company or the place you want to go to see if you had someone to sponsor write and ask them or eight interesting so for bloggers out there who want to make their own blocks. I mean, they should really just check out your block cuz that's what you guys talked about. Right? And yeah, I actually felt the holy course on teaching how to do the brand stuff. You would have to do a Blog you got to write a lot but there's a way that you can apply it to put the course together for is geared towards bloggers, but all the skills are used. Anything that you do that you're trying to sell yourself or life or Brandin how to pitch in negotiate. Yeah, Instagram YouTube twitch, whatever you're doing right things. You have to tweak but for the most part it's all skills that you can use anywhere. And I think that's interesting because that if people can learn to do that or like do it on their own you don't have to go to these other like, like he's people these networks that are trying to sorry. I know you just I don't know who I don't know if we can cut this out. I know you have your own mcna you said they don't have the time but I'm saying that's all they do a lot of what year would you guys are doing on your own exactly. You could have easily just, you know, join somebody to help do that for you or I mean eventually if you're making up mud. You can hire someone to do it for you. Yeah, I mean we use the same thing for us YouTube. We are part of an MCN that we pitched ourselves a lot too. And I think that's part of the allowed percentage regardless. It depends on your contract. Right? I think it's changed like the contract that I did. I made sure that if I found my own people didn't know that before they like a lot of people got screwed and I mean it goes with the whole like the whole face thing that's happening right now. Right like isn't that their whole situation about like the contract that he signed wasn't a good contract? Yeah. What's tfue? Do you check everyday just release it today what it was and it's not a good contract and they even admitted it but like everyone back in the cheapest just signing. I know this is how you get successful will help you out. But you give away so much and people just it's not their fault. You're not lawyers, you know, a lot of people just get excited and see opportunity and they see their people they're fans of bay how big they got to do is jump into it and I would say as a warning just I always tell people cuz they act like it was your way sign with this. This is what they're offering me. Just read the contract yourself to I think that's a big most people think contracts are very Overwhelming they aren't they can be they can be but I think it's a lot more common sense than you think to like. You can just read some of the basic stuff that I don't understand all the legal mumbo-jumbo, but there's some things that are like ownership of content, you know, like some really basic stuff that should be red flags. If you see it's ask like what does that mean? There's a lot of time and then think of you guys think about this to your not 18 year old kid about your not like in your teens organize even in your twenties, you know, and and imagine if you're that young someone's coming at you with this, you know. You can be a part of so-and-so me a million a million dollars this year marks under our label or under rmcn. This could be you, you know, what to help you get those sponsorships. We can be Paulie's flashy things out there and then you just start signing people. So it makes sense and sometimes they do help but a lot of times I know a lot of people who like they screwed us game. Alcoholic on this topic again cuz we were talking about Brandon how he kind of initially started right? He was finding it for himself. And then you talked about how mcns, you know God of the time to advantage of it in the early stages of YouTube. Yeah, but I don't know how that is now. I don't know where smarter but this is such it was just an interesting thing because that that whole face things happening already know more about it. You're the you're the up-to-date guy. I mean, there's not much more to discuss any they are releasing the contract is already been a lot of videos about Asus. Is he still suing then he as of this moment he still is but he asked his lawyer to kind of like retract a lot of the statements. I saw they are even Banks is like yo, you live down the street from me. Why don't we just talk like we got his talk in person. I feel like in social media. Now a lot of people feel like if they're the first to out someone. Yeah, the whole internet just don't understand it because of the whole life. The culture and stuff but I mean you can easily avoid these things by talking about it in person. But if you want the numbers if you want money you come out you just say any any random thing and then what and you just get Hella views. Well, you know what you're going to be even crazier like super crazy. Isn't this whole face thing was planned and it's just a phase. What if they just planned this together? Like hey, we don't have drop. We haven't had good drama lately. We are going to pretend to sue us we're going to make a ton of money. I mean, I am not I am not accusing them of doing this but they could easily do that. Yeah. I can look at it whenever there's something big about a celebrity. It's like, oh guess who's albums coming out next week or like in like where they just announced you don't like that stuff happens all the time. So I wouldn't hire people to make sense that does make sense why you do so much random stuff. Why just to be like relevant all the time. Maybe I should stop. Random stuff. Yeah, you got a baby shoes that way then when I got you do the random the way you said it, you know, it sounded very negative still you're just like I'll keep him quiet and still be disappointed. Let's not do that actually know us they always end up roasting you so people can see like what the real relation like it's starting to build up like tell me what things like I'm a douchebag Ryan the douchebag or like Woodbury estimating never a real argument arguments. This is why we did it Ryan this clip of me and Ryan wrestling. When is this flight going to happen again? And Ryan responded like whenever Paco wants it and I was just like whenever he wants to know basically. Yeah. Yeah, but I would not fight him what I said, you probably needed me and I said, yeah until you watch them know I'm going to come in as dirty as possible and I don't want any of it. Did you ever like not brush your teeth a day of a meat or like nobody I've wrestled people who smelt like shitt. I don't know how they can literally like poop and you think they literally but you never know because wrestling is such a like a intense sport to the like in that day it was. Even like MMA were like they win yesterday before right and then they're just like they rehydrate the real like it in the waiting room that morning. You you're you're like 20 pounds less than you should be no Waters in your system. You know when you have no water in your dehydrate, you know what your breath smells like that like morning breath * 100. Everyone has a in the room plus you don't care how you smell cuz you're starving and you're thirsty. So I mean it's at there's no excuse for not shout. You can still shower when your shower I don't know but somebody by their yeah, there's that there's been some people I feel like I don't know maybe they're trying to see that is a strategy kind of already hard to function in breathe out by imagine a smell their pulled out that like because they smell I would get upset and it would make me wrestle even harder. It was like I was very calm. Sunday would use anger an emotion. I never really got like to use my emotions. Like the only time I ever got mad. I have it on video to actually and Sean McKenna test is too cuz he was there somebody like I had a guy wrapped finger cuz I was injured in some guy tried to grab it and as I can like the fight like a brave nose or some like that and you could see in his grabbing Alex shaking his head off and I just got pissed and I just I destroyed him because I like you like who does that like the smelly thing to some? I know it's not their fault, but sometimes when you smell something that's that bad as I come on dude. Yeah, but you can tell the difference between body odor and poop. Yeah, but I was going to say I think you don't realize when you're that desperate to lose weight some people To take diuretics and laxatives that maybe he actually did shoot himself and it was a psych man. I just got to get out of here. I got to win or lose against Wanda for what it's literally us. Everyone against me is too many episodes. You need a break and then breaks its time. I guess. And we're back. Welcome back to the second half of off the pill podcast. Yeah, you guys should do the whole episode just like that. That's how I M P R Us something about it. I think it's basically for like in p r e s e r S a n is ASMR is only talking considered ASMR to ya. Do you get that thing? Cuz I tried it. I don't get it at all either but I know I don't get it at lunch today though. I wanted to depend idea to start an ASMR where I just drink drinks. I don't know that exists. Literally we just so happen to be talking about and you literally had that I had that thought. Yeah. So, you know I was thinking about you I was racing seat. I recently saw a Joe Rogan his podcast and they were talking about you know psychics and I keep coming all this evening. Real there's there's a debate with the right people really believe in its. I'm really don't understand his like they're all Bs pretty much but then they were talking about and it made me wonder where to you know, how when you like think about somebody calling you or like not not somebody calling somebody you think about somebody and then they call you or like never happen to me. You never liked thought it was intended text you all of a sudden. No, but I think what it is though is that you just only noticed those. Yeah, I noticed something about like something or someone and it just happened at that a lot yet. Yeah, and it's very Quinton in a lot of really like Play it happens to me a lot like very very frequently and maybe it's just because and it's like random people like people only time I notice it is when I'm thinking of someone that I shouldn't like you don't have to read my mind. I'm psychic my mind goes to like they're listening to me or like they're like like this I get like suspicious. I'm a varied I guess I guess I'm paranoid. Everyone just has has bugs in your house yet. I don't know. I just my first thought though. I start thinking conspiracy. I bet you if we were to take DNA test we probably has Chinese and I would just like kind of a mix. Well, I'm going to start claiming it when they take over the world and then I'm also a part. You just sitting on the fence for now. I just never took the test, but I'm sure if I did have you taken the test I've taken the my Heritage one. Not the what's the most popular 123 23andMe your that's how they break it down 98% Chinese or Vietnamese. Like you wasn't I was think you get more of a breakdown of that but there's like this really broad generalization. So the guy like they contacted us and sent it to see if we wanted to check it out and said, I'd check it out first before I write about it and it was one of those days. I was like, I'm not writing about this cuz he's like how how was your evening if I got like a deeper breakdown of stuff? I didn't know 23andMe does like crazy stuff like How short your legs are are like they do weird genetic things to know who you're related to other people. You're related to a profile that said like you're unlikely to be a sprinter because ever had genetic makeup in which you can't even more like you're living with your mom in her basement and just like you're not really going to do anything in life. I mean, would you want to know? That's the question. I see that that is a good question though. Cuz then are you the type of person to be like I'm going to prove this wrong, right? Let's take it even further. One of these types of test could be like, this is the exact day. You're going to die. I don't want to I don't want to know I would want to know too. I don't really want to know, I think it's a planner like, I'd prefer to plan like didn't you just a good to know if it's a guarantee I'm not going to die before then. Obviously unless I do something super stupid yet. What if it's like, but what if it's like the Matrix to where it's like they're telling you this to actually make you live longer or more the kind of this and because they ate because you read it, that's why it's coming through self-fulfilling interesting conspiracy. Like you be scared to know when you die, or if I know what I'm going to die. And so I start like I know I'm going to die. I should start doing a lot of things before that which sounds good but is that really me doing those things? Because that's what I want to do or am I doing it because I know I have an expiration date. I think that's my thinking too much about it, you know by now. I don't know what I'm saying right now. You're just thinking about this Loop and you're in your own head until you die. I'll have this expiration date and we looked it up and all of ours are on the same day. I don't like what happens on head to that day. I mean, yeah, but it still happened though. That's the thing. So I don't think I would try to avoid it. Okay, it's okay. So you said yes, you would know when I want to know what I want to know ya. Would you want to know also how you died? I thought that would be any different about this right isn't there if I could have the choice to know when in hell? Yeah, why not think so too. Okay. You're more religious, right? You're like Yeah from a Christian background. And yeah, but I was at the thought cuz I didn't really know I didn't really know I never had to go to church when I was a kid. Like I was used to think about these things like how it feels to die and like even being like what if however you. You just you know your brains to enter. I don't know that I know the science behind it doesn't make sense. But what if that last feeling of whatever you feel is just it just keep you keep feeling. That's all you ask me all that. I see real life and it's just like I don't know. It's a possibility. Maybe that's considered like hell are like this and then if it's a good experience and that's your version of heaven, but I don't know what's a good experience in your debt. Some people say they feel euphoric right people who claimed who have died and come you know, right before you die. You feel like there's something really some chemical right? I don't know that I don't know what it is there. Some chemical is released right before you endorphins. I don't want to talk about it cuz I don't know enough but it's something you work you feel right as you're dying or something like that and people have said it because they've died and were revived whatever it was and you know what let's do it man. Social experiment guys going to just die. Yeah. It's social experiment gone wrong. There goes that she's mad but how would you want to die? You didn't answer in a painful way. I would want my body to be like stretched like one of those old days leave you like. I don't think you would get me the most interesting thing like who dies like that anymore, you know, I don't believe you for one and this is very dark. I don't mind that you know, that's a very interesting Segway yourself out of that one. Still haven't seen it yet. I'm caught up except for the last I'm the only one in here who really ever any if it's popular he's not like hipster trying to watch stuff now because I'm like, I want to make you no-good like shows are good life. I'm not saying they're not saying that's not my name. Is there a show that you started watching before? I got popular and then stop popular in your life. Game of Thrones he started watching it. I started watching it late but last night I did watch Scarface and it was not as good as I thought it was. Yeah, it's just like dated does the first time you seen it? Yeah, and I was just like this is I don't even remember his real like story do it, you know, it is a lot of like cussing and what made you want to watch that because I was like I should watch Classics to so I have like references to things to look up some like studying and doing everything else like side Google that's like why is Scarface so popular and then a lot of reviews are saying Scarface was actually a really poor movie for the reason. Why did the wels, it's a cult classic amongst like like there's a lot like that black and Latino communities because it was the first of its kind and it was just so like different and vulgar that a lot of people like I like it, you know because it is different. That's okay. I can see that well, I mean Somebody I just supposed to be posted like all I'm this years old and it's a picture of me doing like the how to be ninja and how to be you know, and you go and walk back and watch it all you tell somebody I grew up watching this and like if they go to those video, I'm embarrassed. Like I don't want people to today like to watch that cuz if you compared to the continents out today, you know, I mean like no but that's in the same way that movies back then you might have grew up on it. So you might like oh, even if even if they go back to watch those videos and I think it's still like all I was a classic for each time you go back in this the same thing you go back and watch movies cuz I I watch movies on like all this was bad, but I still enjoyed watching it cuz it's like I'm just reminiscing like Harold & Kumar bad back to like the movies of like home alone right that I saw and you watch it again. It's not bad. It's just like you compared to like the comedies and stuff. They have like that affects everything that they have now, it seems like this is this would never hold it today, but it's a great movie still and I'll still watch it a lot of his Nostalgia that that's what holds it together. I grew up watching like the X-Men cartoons. Yep. Yep. That's a horrible series. I hope you go back and watch any of those episode really that bad. The only cartoon I think that was actually decent was the Batman the Batman animated series dark one that went for a really long time. He had the baby was like that resurface because you know Edward from Twilight is playing the new bad. Toys that they picked Robert Pattinson. Yeah. Yeah, but I mean like you like it, huh? No, it's not that just from what I've heard. No way better and there's clearly a reason why the casting directors are looking at him. He's one of those guys who were probably decent actor just unfortunately was part of a really bad franchise. Well even been bad is just like because it was so popular with like a younger demographic. Yeah. It's laying beside, you know, it's it's like that's the thing to do. So everybody just don't believe that's true about vampires and black girl. Anal. Justin Bieber. Is anyone older than him is like he's well. Yeah and like I was there like I like this songs like a lot of his songs. I thought were like, this is super catchy. He's held talented. I would make Joe and I would make jokes about it because I was a culture at the time but like it's just cuz he was popular if he wasn't that popular. It's like he had a he was a n d Wright going back to like when people got that thing that you just you do that but if he was as independent a few people knew about it, like damn this is good looking kid you get time and maybe like popular in a different way if you was like, I mean who's the current person right now? Who is like the most popular? G-Eazy I mean later on I mean like Ariana Grande kind of a lot of people like love her but she has a lot of PR it should suffice. Okay, because their audience is so crazy in love with them and young. It's look everyone else like that's so lame. Yeah. It's a new girl Billy Ray Cyrus. She's not mean she is mainstream issues mainstream now different in a different way right now. She's becoming that her fans are becoming like those hardcore like, oh my God defend her at all costs kind of thing, you know in the way that BTS fans, you know, like they're getting from people who aren't BTS fans be Cause of their fat yeah, and it's just like when you're at the top of that list, you know, and you're the hottest thing in all these young people are rooting for you and defending you like more than they should be it. Naturally you're going to have the opposite effect when you have that much love you need that much hate. I wonder if it happened with like way back in the day before sexual like the Beatles. I'm sure there was Beatles haters and I'm sure like, you don't know her like you guys are something bad about the Beatles. Yeah in 50 years or about Justin Bieber. He's a classic American flag keychain. Is there a reason why there's peace member and Industry books they talked about when he peed in the bucket like you guys are member the classic bucket gate. Yeah, I know when he was driving drunk. Yeah, and I'm going to leave fast Jake Paul Logan Paul going to be part of the history books because of how big they were and then I can be they might be remembered different ways. But yeah for what their legacies going to be just Logan already has four how deep into a hole he was and to where he is now it's night and day like he was canceled according to most people but he really wasn't, you know, he's still relevant despite what people will say because they're comparing to his the top of his game. KSI said that he would be friends with Logan. And Jake didn't even do anything with that crazy cuz I think I wouldn't even talk about this after that podcast. Use. Did you see that? We I mean, you know that we were that he would actually be cuz he has could you ever be friends and Logan you like? I think I could but I could never be friends with Jake. They are such a strong person trying to figure out what like it's cuz that's all you would talk about Logan. So like what what is you like things can change? Hello, are you somebody was just saying about Jake Paul and I like Justin Bieber before that right? And then try try Billie eilish when Lord just came out. I'm a weirdo like but like good music and just just different and very unique and it's a kind of cool but mainstream Indie that makes sense. I know how to describe that kind of music what it's like it's it's like anti-pop because it's anti-pop a lot of price and I just think that it's because she still knew that's why she's not getting that kind of hate and you want all it takes is one Scandal one thing. She says wrong and then she's going to build a resin. She's young two. That's why I mean, I don't people always say something wrong. Like I've seen heard interview where she's like watching yourself from a year ago and like you could take that into it. Like she's so relatable. She's so like a normal person but like you could take that even that interview in another way to specially if you're on media all over the place. It's only a matter baby, I still think it's always a balance the more love you get the more hate you in again. Yeah and everything. I think we can go into that and talk about it, especially with you to be as both of you guys. When when you were doing social media, you had kind of like a clean-cut, you know, family friendly type of brand Ryan definitely family-friendly a lot of times when he swears on the podcast people like, oh my God, he swore or something and she so what what is a pressure like, you know, what were you have to keep it like this, but you know you Personalities aren't necessarily. It wasn't really mean it wasn't hard for me either. It doesn't make it doesn't make it funny. Like it wasn't the jokes. I was writing born based on being vulgar like so it's not hard. I mean sure sometimes you'd be like to say even in an unnecessary F-word is it eat it take a fart joke. It's super easy to make something funnier. If you're being vulgar. It's a shocking. I mean, I still like fart joke so so Pick what we carry are we created all the contacts so is easy to to put together what we look like from the outside appearance. But I mean for us it was just a thought of like what way we came out let people know we are Christian and I think there's there's a stigma with it. That's good and bad and we didn't I mean we're pretty I would say we're very relaxed about like our views are it's not like we don't curse or any of that or drink we drink we curse whatever but it's just the appearance of we just want to be responsible with our platform cuz people can take that one thing and just twisted like we were talking about earlier. So we just kind of chose to say. Okay. Well we want to come out make sure we have a cleaner parents also for Brands Ramirez auto business super meet our first like when I first started on YouTube, it was actually more like Mike on tonight said the f word I said a bunch of stuff like I said fagg I said like a boy Yeah, I'm the one and also I just didn't think much of it. Right cuz and then I started getting like emails and stuff for my parents and I was still a kid to I mean 18 yet. And that's when I realize I called like there's actually kids a most of my fan base is like not just 13 to 17 because that's what you two would show but yours is there in like 8 year olds on me? I why you beating them though? They were just out to see him and then they would be like you say fuck. I don't want someone had some of that and then I feel sorry for myself in person when people coming up to me. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I need to chill out and it not for brands of the time. It wasn't making any money, but it was like, oh I should probably not. Say every single hit stuff but it wasn't like me like it wasn't that hard. Like it wasn't like that wasn't my thing. Anyway, that's not what I wanted to portray. I guess. Yeah. I mean, even if I'm swearing on this it's not like in a I don't think that it's not in that context to where it's like, I'm trying to I'm trying to force it. I don't know. Yeah, and it's not like you're swearing every other word when it's appropriate and the thing is to like people who do talk like that if that's just how they speak. Maybe that's how they where they grew up. Like. I don't have an issue like it's just words. I think we give words too much meaning to me personally, but I also don't get offended easily. So yeah, that's true. But a lot of people in the world do and that's why we kept our channels are pretty much good question Paco. Give me another good question. All right, why is your hair like that? What's wrong with my hair right now? You just always have had like or like the Barry sisters at what age in haircut where it's like why are you shaved on the sides is a second like you're trying to find ways to roast know. I'm mad you pick on his hair to he didn't have his hair was just came out of Sunday School. I cut my own hair though. That's why that makes sense because honestly because we move so much is hard to find a haircut person that I trusted his like hair is a very particular thing and I also my hair grow so fast, I didn't want to pay for haircut every like you're making $50 a month is a haircut true. I know it's not a perfect. I would probably do that. Yeah, it took me a long time like an hour to cut my own hair is different. You would only want to learn how to cut your own hair. So you still don't have to leave your house. Yes, but that's what like it's for convenience. Like I just like that. I just like learning the new skill like to be able to like that. I probably saved so much money and people don't know you two wouldn't know because I'll cut it really short and I'll wait until it's super long as I am. I am trying to teach kids, you know how to be smart with your money. Yeah haircuts on cheap. They aren't cheap. Especially good ones. You just don't mind looking fugly for like a good three weeks to a month. You could save a whole you could cut your hair hair cut expenses in half. Just let it grow out. How often do you cut your hair? Like once every 2 minutes. Maybe we should introduce know I like her I just okay you just I think I tried it right before we left. So yeah, I cut it this way cuz it's the easiest way to cut it. I can't I've tried to like faded more too hard in the back of my head easiest way to cut my hair or just listening. He just has a very Asian stair stepper. Even Andrea hairdresser. Try to give me that same hairstyle on the sides and long on the top and go to the side and I don't know why every hairdresser just really like that for a short amount of time and then every Asian guy for whatever reason that Asians and get that a lot of white people. A lot of Asians have had that same haircut and I just I don't know. I don't I didn't want to just do the same thing. I guess. I don't know. She's a German. Yeah, cuz she was married to a black eye and has like blackheads really like in Black Culture. I asked her to do a fade dreadlocks dreadlocks. You want to turn it hurts so much. So you actually did gave up is to paint. How far did you get in to see it? And he just had a regular haircut. She was like it's going to be three hours of this and I was like, you know, I'm good, you know, you respect you or me more he had dreadlocks, right? Is that what it's called or cornrows? Then he has dreads, Lake Charles housing describe it. But yeah, this is a thicker. Is that really what he had? Yeah. Yeah. For a little bit and he got a lot of crap member all the sudden it's a kind of died. But it was still talk about it, but it's not like in Everett until appropriated. This this isn't like that was like all these it PC PCS of the week. We haven't done that in a while just real quick culture preparations not in right now. Now you can still do it and get caught out for it but news articles and stuff. They don't really care about that as much what is the current thing people care about it when I was at the most recent one is not immigration support late-term abortion opinion about anything having to do with pro-life or pro-abortion, which I am. Yeah. Yeah. That is the it is not the right time. If you want to have some conversations with people post about it and you will upset after we're probably both sides. I think honestly the new cycle completely changed with this presidency. All right, and used to be like more celebrities and like that's always interesting but because of trump right right every new Cycles always something that he causes people if he has his stuff is so controversial that that's always a Hot Topic in the news. It's something that he's involved but isn't it funny that when it's in equals and like it literally is like people could still be appropriate cultures, but they won't write about it cuz it's not going to get them views if that's all that matters. Like I know people are genuinely offended by it. But like people really care about abuse guess what it really comes down to it. It's whatever people are mad about ALS Or like super into supporting a lot like you'd like the ice buckets by God. They were so much controversy. I mean new who's still looking at stuff up who's who cares about ALS. I mean other than the people really did care about it talk about it was talking about right now if we can bring it up, I think people would not care. Oh, no, they don't even know what that is about all those years ago more than that. Right? I feel like we never a lot of people did there's so much backlash like you guys don't actually care about LSD. I don't like this is nothing to do you guys all disrespectful and I was at the Hot Topic. Where are those people now? Where are they? Are you I don't see you guys posting about it like you cared so much about ALS back then where are you now? Damn, I thought about this but what if those people were deaf and their sign language in at you trying to make a really dark joke right now this ALS while doing ASL American Sign Language. Don't know why I thought about it. It's not even a funny joke. It's just like aunt had a mic on their hands doing ASMR cancel, man. Suicidal Ninjutsu. Anyway, it's a good way to end this because I'm letting you do your thing. what I say Thanks for turning into the office. But not you. I said follow us at are you what are you doing right now? I was going to just do it. I said every single podcast I'm always going to do sometimes but I would lyrics to make sure you follow us on Twitter at off the pill and on Instagram off the pill podcast see for once but I really can't say that I never get to do anything. You want to look with Adventurer Adventurer spell it for us just in case local adventurer like a person adventurer. Cancel. All right in 3 2 1. I like Evans on that last week. I just so just mad.