Any shore game you can think of is probably there the hook up that you get for using all or cold, which is he got h i g a u get $20 off your first SeatGeek order and you know if the liquid in the description, but make sure you guys actually do that because again, it makes us look good and they will want to respond to us again and you know, we need those sponsors or else we're going to have to cancel the show. Anyway, thank you again seek that mean said, I think we're good to this. Looks like a new off the pill podcast coffee mug get it now. Can we get a link to it and listen to this drinking noise?Is It Anyway I think you again to see key to say but I did see that people did actually use the code last time that they sent me screenshots on Twitter that to me and actually makes it look cooler than we are to seek why does quantity field goal right now, do you know I mean for one we're sitting in this tiny little room I wonder if people when they watch this do you think they think this room is bigger cuz we're not liking the same shot. That's one thing. Yeah for sure because you watch it cuz I night when I want to know what the room looks like a bigger I think so. It's like, you know when you watch TV shows and then you go watch it. Like I remember we went toBBC when the dogs out on TV and you went and watching a live audience feel like out of this room is so small. Like how do they do it? Like it's true. You don't even NBA games. But if you go to a actual if you go to an actual NBA game using see if you go to a actual game, it's the court looks so small in comparison to what it looks like on TV and the stadium itself. I'm in the seat of his big but the court look so small and the people are just gigantic. There's got to be some kind of like a nickname for that. Right? Like there's something something effect is not like the camera adds 15 pounds. Do you think that really does that does happen though? And I fired up and I don't know why but even like even in person like I remember I want to watch the Spurs game and I saw for the first time I saw a Manu Ginobili in person and up close as we're sitting behind the Spurs bench and he looked so tall and skinny. I was likeDude, do you look so unhealthy right now? But like on TV, they look normal on TV, but like in person they all look so much taller and skinnier makes you wonder who else what are we really look like in person? I should everybody says that we're a lot shorter than they thought we would be. Yeah. I don't know that sad it's hard to tell with like YouTube also cuz you don't really usually like you kiss your legs when sitting like this in the podcast I like we've met people that we didn't know where super tall is the ksi's I can kind of tall tall. He doesn't look tall but he's actually pretty ricegum ricegum speaking of which I guess is coming to town again and he wants to a club. I'm not sure what with all of us. Is it just him or the sidemen?Simon to hit me up. So I think they want to do some kind of glad I'm not sure what but we should think of something to maybe we should you know, we can do it make it like a surprise. You didn't tell me what they're going to do either so we should surprise him and like just I don't know what what should we should just all when he walks into the room or just box them all of us calling him this mob in so big we all lose on purpose and then out of your room comes to Logan and then they just have to fight right there. No Jake. He's fighting Jake and I think he said he doesn't know I'm going to find out the true details and we're going to give you guys exclusive going to find out what's the real story here.Wonder if not, I I think I don't know. I feel like way bigger than Jake. I think he's like considered. I don't think that's fair. Do you think that's fair Logan vs. Jake doesn't take some with smaller than both of them has the effect. Yeah. Anyway, you looked it up, but I know that Logan was a wrestler was Jake the wrestler to I'm pretty sure they both are in. Yeah, some kind of like combat sport wrestling or whatever. I always had this idea. What I want to do around and tries. I want to wrestle one of them. I know they're really really good wrestlers and their weight heavier. I know but it's not like a serious is just to like just like fun, I would watch the video. Yeah, but Ryan.I spray beat up. I want to be titled Ryan tries wrestling the Paul Brothers his weight cuz that's a big box with the wrestling is like a weight is a big is like being. Yeah, cuz if you wrestle someone even the next weight class, it's it's a pretty big disadvantage, right it is I don't know. I mean the 10 lb or whatever weight difference is I'm not even as there was like five remember you be like there's a 119 weight class in a 125-130. Wow, or 1:32 or something like that, but it's like that little amount makes a big difference. So for the boxing match ball weighed in at 82kg, which is 180 lb, how do you know that the internet? How much is how much was KSI and Logan?It would seem more. I think they are over 200. I thought Kilograms, I mean I wouldn't be surprised they're hella muscular KSI Wade in over his earlier fight against Joe Weller was 182 lb the same about the same. I don't know where Logan or KSI. Well, I guess I can rustle anyone then. Never mind. I'll still life gum used he's too light and if you look at me, I think he's like 140 pounds. How would you know those it's not like I'd say he's probably more than I know that What says he weighs about 143 lb Supreme jeans that he's wearing. What are you reading? Are you getting that from? All right. Well what can topics we got today? I don't know but there's actually two different things that we can talk about, which is the Shane Dawson incident, which is what you guys are already and there's another one this Romeo Lacoste. I believe that he is a tattoo artist Ariana Grande Dolan twins, More people and it's come out where there is allegations against him that he has been messaging girl to Jean underage girls. And also we know this is true though. Like I mean has he come out and defended himself or he's done an interview this defended himself, but with so many people coming out and saying things and it's not just like screenshots as liked videos of it showing that he said start a allegedly. Yeah. That's why I said I saw that he DMD is gross sexual stuff and that the time those girls are like 15 or something 1415. It still is so mind-boggling to me that people. I mean you'd still do that and have written for like old people learn they give me a specific Li but how do people still like what did you know better? How do you get caught? Right, but it's different when you don't like if he didn't know right, but you didn't know but he said something acknowledging. Do you want to wait till you're eighteen or are you cool doing it now or something like that? So he acknowledges that they're underage. But how do you what goes through your head being like? Hey, this is a good idea. I should write something doesn't go through the head like this is a good idea. They're just that says he's really thinking with you know, something else penis on record that I was on the soundboard we never used it, but I guess there's a reason for it before the house. He's he is thinking with that and you know what? I mean? It's got to be like a mental illness, right? Yeah. I mean not going to make excuses. I'm just saying it it's there has to be something wrong to be a bad person. you know how to make probably toys like if you were talking to a girl and even if there were obviously talking to underage girls is like not okay, but you don't really think I owe this person is going to like telling me, you know to me or you don't think of that I would think because it's I mean, I don't know right that's kind of what I think of like when I if I'm speaking from his point of view now or will and I we've had experiences not maybe maybe not directly but we're a friend of ours or something has spoken to an underage person, you know and unknowingly me personally would you excuse so basically this we seen your head at me but it was on Tinder and to be on Tinder yet to be 18 and over and so it is drawn there had her age is 19 and then so we're just talk and you know, it's just talking and getting to know each other and then how old were you at the time I was like a couple months ago and then we Snapchat still talk to you on there and then she goes oh, by the way, I turn 18 next week and then I said yikes and then she said don't worry. The legal age of consent in Nevada is 16 and then I said double yikes dude. What's the scary thing? Cuz what if what if you already assumed right what how old she was and you had already said things that were sexual to her. Yeah, and then she said that you'd still be in trouble. I know but I mean that that's that's the that's happens to people in your instance. It was you know it better if you want to really my story to tell so, I mean, I wasn't exactly in the situation but essentially like I had a friend growing up who ya got in trouble and got a used of doing stuff with younger girls that he at he like plead not guilty. Like he went through the whole process and the system is kind of like set up to like of course like favor the victim in that which I guess it should be but it's also like you would hope that the system is fair and stuff like that. But depending on which side has more resources right family has like more money for lawyers and stuff like that. Obviously that's a big difference within the legal system. And so yeah it like a fat completely affected his life in a negative way. And so I have at least on my formica. This isn't like my opinions on that kind of stuff. It's affected by that because he was a friend of mine and I obviously believed him that you said like he didn't do anything. Right and let's just say like what happens if like they're in a bar place that supposed to be 21 and over right? And there's bouncers you are supposed to check IDs. Now, let's say that something happened after that, you know, I don't know who should be at fault. I would say I mean, I know I know who is at fault during the person's going to get I don't I don't think it's right but I think the person at fault should be the bar bar should be you know, how to call Annabelle for letting this person fool them and then that kid or whoever it is, you know, using a fake ID to get in there should be in trouble as well. They shouldn't just be the person who's talking to this person unknowingly. It's different from what that guy did when he knew that that girl was underage. I think like I mean, I think this scenario I might be completely off base there might be a reason why I don't know if you guys can think of a reason why I just think it's not it's not fair like sometimes girls or guys even look alike. Older than they are and then it's vice versa. Sometimes people look a lot younger than what the hell they are. So, I mean it's hard to say just based off looks and you not going to go up to every person you mean to hate before we talked. How old are you? Yeah, and even then there's the most she'll go to jail. If you the person that has like if the girl right is underage and the guy has knowledge that she's underage and the guy continues that's your trouble should be like, I don't know what to say. I don't know anything about that situation, but if you was like, oh, I know you're under a just wait till you're older whatever and then they kept talking that she took video of he said something will you wait he acknowledged like do you want to wait till you're eighteen so he knew that's probably For that word around a lot. How late is Jose's anyway speaking of well, the thing is that this kind of correlates with what we were talking about before 2. We're about him. You know, he had that whole pedophilia give me some jokes and the weather was taken out of context or not that happens again this week last week where Shane I guess he's getting something resurfaced about him saying something about him doing something sexual to his cats or we have the quote right? I don't know if you want to read it cuz it's pretty sure it's pretty graphic, but it was on an episode of now-deleted episode of Shane and friends on September 11th, 2015. He says one time I laid my cat down on her back ellipses. I moved a little chicken legs spread open or whatever. And I came in lower the cat. It was my first sexual experience. What was that going to bleed myself out as nobly Paul Wright. Well because I was also like 19. But he didn't so he didn't say that the reason why they're come controversies people have pulled that clip up and I guess it didn't seem like he was joking in that supposedly it seem like a real story like he was telling a real story and that's what people have the base off of it. Right? But he ended in his public statement that he issued he was talking about how is kind of like based off an awful sketch that he never did or anything. So he did he say that though in the I didn't see the actual interview, but did he say like all this is based off of the sketch it make it wasn't what I mean. He kind of put that out there I could see why people to be upset. I mean, but honestly, I don't I don't I know Shane that's a cut that's like his comedy. Yeah, I know but I don't know I can see why people would take that another way, but you also said that like he's been in Trouble for a lot worse things. He's said a lot worse than yeah. He's done videos that are significant and he doesn't make videos like that anymore. His stuff before was pretty raunchy. Well that was like his last sentence was a lesson in a more confident now my Billy but entertaining not just being myself and not being so shocking for that's his apology and I granted this is again back when he used to make those kind of jokes. I'm going to assume this is way different now it is way too and I think that shows like the growth in who he is and I hope you know and like how he is transform his entire brand how he is grown is not just a content creator. But as a person how like you can come from a place where a lot of people would deem it as I go. This is inappropriate in Ranchi. And now it does thing is it always comes back to haunt you cuz you anything you put on line will be there forever and it's happening every single year. Something is targeting Shane because of more successful. Get some more of a Target he becomes yeah, and that's what really what it comes down to it. We said it before like Shane's killing it right now and he's made like a very like slick transition into like what is brand is now and it's very sick. He's very successful and they had like whiteheads. That's it. Now. He's an even bigger Target so it's like but do you have to say congratulations right to chain? Is it going to be judged? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, wait for what the cat spaghetti ensure his apology. But yeah, that's how do you guys feel that? There should be a time. Of like after 5 years certain tweets are like, you know, you should let those go better. If you commit certain crimes after a certain amount of time. You can't be charged for them. You're smart. What do you mean? Okay. Well, I mean there's certain things certain crimes that have that murder is not one of them. I can't murder someone and then in twenty years later, you're good. Yeah, they find out you're still you know, I think the tweets I think I personally think it never will be that way, but It should be because things change a lot agreed Society changes and you change ya like like a memory Inn in the heart of a ninja video. We use the f a g work and that wasn't targeted at gay people. Yeah, it had a different meaning for me growing up, you know. In in Hawaii specifically saying that word not that I would even say it now saying that word has a different meaning in that it wasn't even necessarily. It didn't mean gay. It was just a homophobic slur something. You said to your friends to make fun of your friends, but it wasn't meant gay it became like a it's it was more like a bee action like how you acted ejective. Yeah, and then people just Associated the two and it became well with this. I'm just in from Hawaii weather in different baby will used to say that we talked about the do you say that to you? I mean, everybody wasn't like it was like another it wasn't a good word. It was but it was it was a and that where was completely different Barry. You took that down write that video you have it it was down and then I think you might be blocked. You like that? Yeah unlisted. Like that, but that's part of you growing up. Like it's like I'm not going to know better. I didn't know back then I was 16 and then like it was a different time. I wouldn't make that video now. I mean not like that. You don't even call it out in another video. So I think yeah, I mean I think things change over time something. Like I said last time something we're saying right now could become something offencive in 5 to 10 years from now. Yeah, exactly. We don't know yet. It's one of those things were obviously there's like a limit of like how bad is it to eat? Then? It's going to be like then that kind of determines I think like obviously if you say something super racist on Twitter 10 years ago, You should probably have to explain it. Yeah, like no matter what you should be like, even if it's something like well, I was raised his back that you know, I'm saying like now I'm not like now I've learned now have changed and I think that's part of the transition. Do you think people that that have had that change and did realize their mistake should still be you know attacked for what they did in the past even if they acknowledge it. No, I don't think so. There's actually I saw a mini documentary about how this former like races and like racist and we did we do but the guy who used to be like a white supremacist, but he realized his actions turned around and started news a tattoo artist and you would change people's tattoos who that used to have like a that's white supremacy and change them. Redemption yeah. Yeah. And so that's a good story. Now if you were like well with your racist and popular I guarantee you people would protest in it would say stop supporting this guy just because he's he's taking advantage of what you know, you used to do I get a tag. I'm hundred percent sure that those people are just stupid idiots. Are they though? That's what I'm asking that it would happen. If that guy even if it means, you know, he's see a neurologist. He apologizes he's even making up for it in what he does if he becomes as famous as a cutie pie, anyone even a shame he is going to get attacked for sure. He's a check for what he did and there's any people trying to take him down and it's only because of his popularity, but that doesn't mean that those people are right. Yes, they're going to do that. But those people are morons. I agree with that because Like a huge part of changing the world for the better as cheesy as corny as that sounds taking the people that think a certain way that's like super bad, right? Yeah, white supremacist and then 10 years later, they're not and they've changed you. Absolutely Want To Praise that person for making that change you do not want to attack them for what they used to believe, you know, I'm saying because that's important is like changing boat but coming from not saying that I agree but coming from a different perspective, right that guy becomes that powerful and you you know, you don't think that person should have that power because of their past and the way they used to think that you don't trust what they think wouldn't you want to say stop to this stop this guy. You don't want him to have influence allow him to become president was his past being that I think the thing for me what I would see is like, oh this guy has had a bad past right? He's aware of it. He's admitted to it and that shows a lot more morals and values or another. The people who are like look it up or if a guy is like no, you're not perfect. You're just really good at hiding your your real past or true intention or however, you've been you know, cuz everybody has that that sense of like evil in that were human. We naturally have evil Tendencies were very selfish creatures and supposed to be able to that even though but being selfish a little bit selfish. Yeah, that's why everybody had like natural evil in them. But to be able to be like, okay. This is my past. This is what happened. But now I want to move forward and use how I overcame this situation to inspire other people in and show like there's a lot better to life and how we should be treating people in a positive inhumane matter that that's a person out of be a lot more likely I know more about him. I just relate to this I can respect that then someone who's like this is what I want. I'm perfection in all this. You're lying somewhere could be when what you're saying is people maybe just don't believe that they made an honest chance what I mean? Yeah, because that's up that's totally up to them. I mean whether or not they believe them or not is up to the on is this goes back to PewDiePie and you see the comments to what people still call them on the go. How can you support a white supremacist or someone who said the n-word or whatever and whether you apologized for it or not? And I mean he did there's always going to be those people but you're slowly starting to see people be like, okay. Well, he acknowledged it like reasonable people right? And you know, when you really break down when he did not going to get into that anyway, but those people are always going to be there and if you but if you think about it, it's not a minority. Like if you think about a different situation like say a president or kind of it, right someone running for president you find out that this person used to be a white supremacist or a racist or whatever. They did something really bad in the past and all of us and they acknowledge it right that person never will win. Yeah, he will never become president, but I will say there's a difference in finding out that this person has that all what if he and now I am going to start if you don't even have a chance I could do you think so I think so. All right, then maybe there's a new strategy for some presidential candidate out there just come on the podcast and will teach you are techniques to winning the presidency Paco seems to know a lot. I agree with you. I think that would be super interesting. This is a very honest person exactly. But in the eyes of other people would be like well, why would I take this guy when there's this other guy who like you said we know he's not perfect but on paper he is I don't have an answer. I don't know. I don't know just like you trying to give another perspective be like from another from their perspective. But say it was exactly the same and you had a guy with a pass with knowledge. Is it versus a guy who is perfect on paper, but you know their stuff you just whenever find out. I'm at. I would honestly be pretty stuck between the two I might pick the guy with like with more flaws in the back history just because he showed growth he shows a lot of growth, you know, and for that type of growth in somebody I don't see why they can't Inspire other people around them to be able to push through their they're hard issues in life. Yeah. I mean, I don't think it's ever been like a candidate that came out and said I used to be this and now I'm this and be like super horrible in that sense. I don't know if that would have dealing or not before. I don't know if they found that out or he just said, oh, yeah. Yeah. I smoke weed in college. Like I don't know if that was like two because we was a Hot Topic and like that's true, right? That's what he said. Anyway, I don't know. I think that's like that that's super relatable. People are okay with weed and he said this is another thing had you said that maybe 10 years ago 15. Sa 15 years ago. Oh my God. He's a drug addict wasn't seeing the same way. It is today, but I think it comes down to the it's like whoever is believed the listening or whoever's listening whether or not they believe it or not. It's like kind of you can transition into like the MJ story right? We're like, whatever that was you guys watch a documentary. I did not have read about it because it comes out of what you believe by whose story because you know facts aside or whether or not there are facts are not back since like this person says this this person says it's like it's like it's up to the person to believe like I know I should watch it because I should be up to date on those things. I just really don't want to know because it's just a personal thing. I just don't want to like I know it's like over that's what your response but like, I don't know. Like I said I should watch it, but I just don't want to ruin my vision of what I currently see them and I think that is you can call it whatever it is. But I mean I also like you said it's coming from someone story. It's not not there yet. I should probably watch it. Oh we oh she she break she she break I need to refill anyway, so we feel she should break come back the Jr. Outro she break. Okay. Yeah, here comes the she break, but I can't sing so you do it. Oculus go and you didn't and we're back which means you know what time it is guys again. It is a ticket app for all you people you if you for whatever reason skip the beginning they put all the tickets one place. You can get anything. I mean pretty much any kind of tickets that you want. It weathers NBA games. I don't know why they specifically pointed out Ariana Grande Travis Scott. Most popular. I'm in there that might just be popping. Well who's probably Taylor Swift and You get a lot of tickets to the different kinds of concerts and shows and all kinds of stuff and IGA and you get $20 off your first SeatGeek order. And yes use he go again. Please use it if you're going to go to something you might as well look it up on Seiki user codes that we look cool also use a money so that helps you save money on your first order 20 bucks. Yeah, which is a lot tickets cost twenty bucks. I don't know what but also. Don't forget speaking of tickets. I think I mentioned this earlier but I saw when I was driving on the highway here. I saw this this billboard and Rhett and Link where you going to be at Green Valley Ranch. Yeah. This is not a problem for them. But I just saw them and now they have to be on this so I don't know what it is, but like their tickets were like, I don't know like less than twenty bucks to do we get if he does that do we get paid to go? Anyway? Yeah, we're back alive shows you what do you mean I used to I know but now I mean, I'm not a hundred percent of what I just don't know what I would do. I don't even know how much opposed would you be it would be pissed 60% Not just 16. I mean, I'm not that I don't like the travel part. I don't mind doing shows. I just don't have anything to do the gummy Gator ytf. And toward and stuff. I was just the hosts. Like that's not hard to do. Just get the crowd. I don't want the real talent. What you doing? Vanilla Vin? I did like a very poor version of a song that people know. That's it. I'm not a person. But it's not very very very amateur. People do very very amateur singing and dancing but it's because it's better than nothing. You know why but it's like I mean our performances were bad. It was it was better but very close to nothing. Yes, but it is better than nothing. It's like at least we're better than us. Just coming out and doing nothing. I think that's why I wanted to do it and it's like kind of like skits. Would you like Live skits. But yeah, I'm not I'm not a performer you are you do not be like to do stuff like that because I need attention and that's what I'm field off of I have but for you if you If you could do something, I guess what would you like to do if you had the ability to show ya honestly, I've always wanted to do like a I mean not just my stuff. I would want to coordinate some a show like 8 that would like if I had dancers and I had singers and make make a Speedway Along video but life since I wouldn't personally want to be in IT director kind of like a director writer, I guess and then kind of okay, I have this talent and I have this talent in this kind of how can I make this all work and then naked like epic at the end and no like Fallout video thing where you build up something planned things in the beginning had them like slowly water it and then pay off at the end. Like I don't know. I just think that's fun. That part of it. Not me actually being in it. Do you like musicals? It depends depends? I don't I never used to but it depends I like the ones that have actual story and it's not just for the sake of singing. Yeah. So like the wicked no, It's I like a spin-off of Wizard of Oz but it's like from The Witch's perspective and stuff. That's a pretty good. Is it a movie or musical? Like where did you see it and it's in a theater but like a musical theater. That's pretty it's cool because I've already seen the movie and it's you're getting to see it how they're doing it live. That's the only cool part to me. But like I don't know. I know I know it's a big fan of musicals. How about you will am I a big fan of musicals Sounds like a wrestling the musical never what is it about? It's a Christmas musical Nutcracker toy comes alive or something. I've never like a battle as a ballet and play classical. I didn't know Christmas Toy Story. Are you making this up? No, no, no. No no song to I've heard stories like this girl gets it and then it comes alive for something. Somebody copied somebody. I thought he just liked it. I know if I like to go back and watch old movies that now when I watch them, I'm like damn that I know this isn't goodbye love it because of it just reminds me of a different time a time where I used to live in for my TV and eat nectarines The Nutcrackers of ballet and I think about it. Yeah, you got to be technical people will get on you for that when I did musicals in real life the video. I got so many comments that were like, these aren't real musicals like you guys are left. How could you leave out this in Hamilton? I don't know why they sound like that get them but they were so salty are they I didn't know there was such a call. I'm sorry. I don't know my musicals. I don't apologize. Neither is your podcast. I'm sorry. That was a long Sunday Twitter questions. You should get those we have got to get you some of those all of them to my favorite part of these awesome comments going a stick do the Twitter questions Paco. Shut up for the job more than that. It says to talk about Dead series such as Park horse with and Greg while car is clicking, but not really tea time and I dare you will they make a return them to you and the Gang like making these videos. We just haven't had everybody around recently. They're hibernating bro. So normally when we do those videos before it's because people were always free right and now Derek in China China is coming back. He's coming back in a week pretty soon. So he had to be he would he was gone for a week and then John was gone for life and we have like 25 people for five five people like it's been so long it's dead, but we do need to do a tee time and we have a lot of stuff that stuff. I heard you have to do that. I'm down to do a par course for a while. I couldn't because I had ankle issues from basketball, but I think I'm good now injuries. Definitely played a pretty big. Lake Park what you need to be like physically ready ready for the next one? You always say that anyway, the first time Michael was on par course, I think what episode was at the bridge one pond with the bridge of prydwen. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This is before he did any park or she would just watch them and I think on video it looks a lot easier. So he may just like he was sold, and he was like, we should we should have bet him cuz it's okay. Yeah, that's the problem. You got out the first one. I was the first one I ran into a wall those that don't know Park horse is our Series where we do parkour but it's our version like it's it's not Parkway, but it's a horse. So like if someone does something then the next person follows, I like that serious. It's just I for a long time I was hurt and then you know, not everybody was around five people to the good way to describe it is that it's not Nothing. It's a little bit better than nothing. It's a mature people doing parkour. The other thing is when we made it we were like 21 and now we're almost 31. What I mean on an average 29in you Greg and Sean Sean. Yeah, do we are just had the idea but we never did it. We just bored we're we're out of show where I was doing something like hosting and we are in The Green Room for like six hours or something like that with time to kill we just start turn on the camera stuff. We already did. But yeah, that's what did really well for you to post but that's just like the same stuff people have seen it but that's like a good a it's coming back. Okay. Well, we'll do a trailer then I would that make it a trailer. It's 20 minute is it is it dead is probably that. I don't know we're going to make it there cook maybe wild card is dead may be is it coming back making me laugh, so I don't know cooking but not really I can see us. Probably more than any other ones now actually when Sean was here visiting we were like going to do it, but then he we only thought about in the last day. I'm going to get this notice going to take all day so much longing people think because we don't know what we're going to do till that day. So half the day is me and Sean just like what if we did like a burrito but it's Pizza is like that's the most time does not mean that weed. That's good like a one time. We did that one for Sean. Like I got to experience what it was like a shot like you it's it's a lot. Yeah, it's it's genuine. I mean, it's not fake like we don't like We do it for real. So it's not like us like we're not pretending like we're not coming up with it on the spot already said yeah and I dare you we do it now. There's so many rules on YouTube everything I all that I dare use most of the ideas that I put up got demonetized or age-restricted because it's like dangerous things are not roast things. So it's like it's tough. I mean I still remember is we make nothing off of them. So, let's see if he wants to be hard to do it and commit to something that you are probably going to lose money off this a big umbrella answer for this is is a scared time schedules lining up cuz it's coming back and having everyone available one day, you know, that's pretty rare. So it's meat will bring it back and we need to start some new stuff to you get tired of the same stuff next question. From Kelsey crushing neck. What are your thoughts on the cancel culture? What is canceled? If somebody says something or it gets brought up from their past the tall Twitter will just be like all this person's cancel all exactly like to show cancelled. I have no idea. That's like Roseanne what restaurant thought of you when you get your Show cancelled in general. It's just like the new thing I didn't know it was called that your opinion on that, right? Yeah. We definitely need to Kelsey Sky Wings W something you guys have any goals or dreams? Foundation time in your lives, which are maybe I'll tell you to an example of skills or places to visit will go ahead. I mean, I have a lot of hobbies as you know, you have too many hobbies one. That was like actually a realization for me was it's like so weird and random other than you guys know this but it was I was traveling I think I might have been coming back from twitchcon and I was in the airport and I saw someone who was a dog handler like, you know, like they really like to do nail sniffing for have a dog and I was like then I think I could do that you have a dog and I really like working with dogs on that like like that level of writing them and like having giving them something they feel fulfilled, you know, I don't like giving them the work and stuff and But will it ever happen? I don't know probably let me know cuz it's like a huge career commitment to be super educated in a lot of I think a lot of people in that field or you would probably like ex-military or police police work and stuff like that. But I think as like a random career hobby thing that I'll be really interested in only enough that is kind of it for me unless really specific. It is never seen it and go cuz they were working with a new dog. And that's why they were actually actively training and so I was looking I was like man that looks really cool and I have a feeling and fun and then it's just one of those realization that you see something in your life. And I think to do that kind of thing about you. I don't like you have a lot of I have a lot of think you're weird. You're one of those people that you get really excited about something and you put so much effort into it and then something else comes up and then you put so much effort into it and SpongeBob's back to those things and you put so much effort into it and what I just did it cuz it's fun. Okay. Well, then you want to do stand-up which you have been putting time into which is I think you would be good at I think you actually would you know performing you're a performer more than more than you know, when you want to be a waiter. I know what he was a lot. So we were with my family and my dad want to go there we didn't really know like there's something in you is ridiculous like it's so big and then Explain everything like he knows everything is so if you want to do this anymore Savory and like he's like giving the whole thing in my dad is like you're a better you're a better way toward and you are a YouTuber and he meant it in like he didn't even think like that. We all just started dying and he got so mad he was like laughing but I walked outside admit didn't mean it that way again, but then he said after that after like how you going to call me out like that and see what you get for calling me dumb and Technology, but really at the first time weed, that's what he meant to say. Please make you a better way toward and you are YouTuber Yeah, and he was referring to the last podcast where you said or to podcast, I guess what I want to do, like you said it's like stand so that's like whatever swing right inguinal. I like open mics and stuff. I believe in you trying to hit it shows and things, you know, a lot of people who stopped at colleges. That's like that was something that interested me to be like for the college circuit is so different it is but how many amp panels and stuff because he gets himself like talking about your Keys performing isn't I kill it though, dude? Okay. Well now I don't want to compliment you anymore. Anyway when you get big a big stand-up person and On Joe Rogan, I said hi. Me too, but only like really like or his friend on like last week says hi. Yeah, I'm going to get into it if I get into stand-up just so I can meet Joe Rogan and be on his podcast. I think you could do. Well you just don't want to I don't think I could not a good just don't believe in yourself. That way this was back to the beginning of the podcast. I don't believe I think you could I think you're good at writing jokes and you can figure out a way to deliver them in like I don't know. You know what it is though. I have bad memory. That's also true. I would like to spend a lot of time. You could make it like a thing where you're just like sitting up there reading jokes, you know, that's like could be a thing. Yeah. What about you? Do you have something like specifically? That wasn't so good. Do you get people like when you ask what you guys do? You know, what kind of content do you do? Whatever you like? What do you guys say? Sketch I say Yes, you look something some like kind of Comedy like I say like, oh kind of random stuff like big trailers. I say like a general audience comedy movie trailers, like music videos like sketches. Tell me a joke, then they'll tell me a joke. Tell me a joke, then really so awkward us a knock knock joke knock knock. Who's there go away. Pretty bad. Okay. What were you saying you saying? What would you do outside of YouTube outside of you too, honey, gold games you'd like to accomplish some time in the in your lives. Which or maybe outside of YouTube hobby skills. Really? I mean if I was like ten years younger and I I didn't do YouTube or and I dropped out of college and I was like damn I got nothing. I would start training you would be a fighter fighter cuz I don't know what's going to do dog kenneling, but I would like the outfit career-wise so I know I'm what would it be? I mean, I would love to be a NBA basketball player who is short and not fast enough. Can't shoot three. Can't jump. Yeah. My wrist is broken. I have to re-break my wrist on my wrist can actually grow from a shooting form but says that's not realistic. Can you get out of a risk crab? How know for the listeners God will grab the Anthony he hurt me. Sorry, I would do I mean I would love to learn how to fight. Yeah. I mean, I like, that's what I do when I grew up doing Judo my whole life and then wrestling and dabbled in Jiu-Jitsu and it's just fun. It's not even like a matter of like wanting to beat someone up. It's just annoying like it's just a very it's so it pushes you so hard to the point that you feel excellent after isn't just a weird feeling after you get done with the session and you're just like at the brink of like man, I would rather die than keep going if you haven't felt that it feels so good when you're done. I don't know. It's a good feeling but you in a better mood for well. So yeah, that's what's up. How do you hear do you a grab all your sleeves? bullfight a good video Ryan tries fighting Paco everybody fighting him. I'm not I'm not a fighter either like a box box. You said you bought before he'll know I did I did Wing Chong and that's the type of stuff that you did that how fast are you moving? I don't know but I was like I really would like to do anime. It's tough because I don't want to hurt somebody and at the same time I don't want to get hurt, you know, like really mad. You get really messed up. But if that was like I said if I wasn't in YouTube, that's something I always wish I'd I had trained at least that's why I like for me cuz I'm a terrible person but I like hurting people but not in a physical way. Like that's why I like going to be like in roast battles that that's why he's like that all rapping cuz it's fun just like but that's not really hurting cuz you're expecting to get roasted. Yeah, but it's fun. And you like being the person that is like you got them you like getting up to like if someone hits me with a good diss. I'm like damn I respect that. I respect you for that sadistic person. Alright. Well, thank you Skye. Thanks for that. That's a good question. I like that one questions for Madison meme or questions. You get asked a lot that you get annoyed by this cull people ask. Where is Ryan for? What what do you mean around? And then they're like Brian I'll let you know probably in my room. That's what I say, but and I know I'm right baby in the kitchen. Now I say at his house cuz I know Annoying annoying because this is where you were I would say. I don't know maybe. Nobody asked sometimes really late. But for me, it's just like when you're trying to do be able to do something on your own with your own type of stuff like oh, where is Ryan your boss or the guy more success with a new type of thing. You know, it's just like from me I'm scared. I'm not more success for you in which no other things you do stand-up you have such a platform that you're known. Yeah, I get that. Yeah, I get that could be annoying. But now that you said that it annoys you you're going to get it way more yet, and I'm going to ban everybody. Okay. Well, then I'm going to ask where is behind I made it to it's just so I can call me when stuff. I don't think I'm trying to think like questions annoy me. Do you have a specific question that annoys you where is Shawn don't answer it. We also look at social media to respond. Yeah, I look all the time. I don't know. I honestly cannot think of one like specifically that annoys me. All right, this is from Vanessa specifically to you. Will how did you meet your girlfriend 100 you talk about this? I don't think so. So how so we had that place we talked about that last one and then Don Dietrich. So when I was like 16, they started going to a gymnastics place and that's the one that Monica's parents own. They wanted to nastics place and its really pretty common or is really fortunate for a breaker is to be able to go to a gymnastics center and work on self because you can work on flips you can do stuff in a setting that you won't get super hurt. And so that was like a big deal. So we started like going there and then Dom actually start talking to Monica and I think I was 16. I was really young. How old is how old is Monica? They were the time I mean He's only a couple years older than 60 R17. We were kids and then so that was how she kind of like new everyone was like she started hanging out with the actual breakdancing crew, which is what Dom was in it. She she was in their crew. She was in a better way better dancer than I was and Yeah, so that's basically how she kind of came into like our group of friends and then many many many many years later. They had like dated for just a little while and then separated and then kind of we started going there right and then Dawn with Olay and became Superstar and became famous and then we we were luckily able to use her dance place right before because we didn't have that much money. We need a place to practice and so we started going there and then I don't remember it was like someone's birthday we went out and we just kind of made out started talking and then I was like shoulder some sweet dance moves and then she was like Like that, that's exactly what but that's really it was just kind of like she was in a group of friends and she was like super hot super model and I was like man, she's way out of my league silliest Butte High and then I was like, hey and then we became super good super good friends and became close and then I remember before it like before we start dating as I remember calling down cuz I knew they had dated a lot like a long long time ago, but I called them. I was like Hey cuz I didn't want to you know date someone we are also I think you were actually there. I was in the apartment. I was living with dom when you called him. Like I called and said, you know, I got something to tell you like I started, you know, I'm getting pretty close to Monica and I know you're dating a long time ago, you know, is it cool if I start me not expect to be trying to pursue like being in a relationship with her and then that's so crazy that you were there. Remember when he got off the phone talking you guys are coming for a bit when he got off the phone. He just started laughing dude. Guess what? You won't get who just called me is like we'll just call me and he says that he asked me for permission to date Monica or something like that and I was there and now we're all connected to me, you know, because he was afraid he's a really close friend and I wanted to be like a front and be like him, you know, I'm talking to this girl and you guys used to date so I don't want to be right and so that's why I called him was like is it school basically and that's the story of Willimantic, That's a snoring. How do you an ardent mean at yellowpaco? How did rain in our teammates? We initially met apparently aren't has a different story. But I thought we met out cuz effect on what we're trying to get on the next podcast when she comes in. Peace, cuz I can do Tom spoilers. But we met this is my story on the set. I see a video when we were like I was a long foot casting agents of secret stuff 2010 and I was Wonder videos. I mean I don't care who would be a good tailor that what does the the name of the girl in the in the short all these different people that want or whatever but apparently I was there at the auditions and like are the casting and I do not recall that at all. I don't remember seeing people reading. I was never a casting purse. I never know. I wouldn't know how to do that. I'm pretty sure I wasn't there but she says I was but supposedly we met there and she audition for this thing and I looked through the tapes these different types and I remember being like, oh, she's good. I want her. And that's how we met and itchy on that set and we weren't dating obviously. We're just working and it was after I guess after we finished filming kind of stayed in touch and we kind of started hanging out more we weren't really dating. But basically it didn't work out. We were like, we like I think we both like eachother but just didn't work out of the time. I think I was like not even 19 or 20 20 maybe in like 24 or something like that or 23 what's online? She said she was like older than me and I can see from her protected being the girl and you're not even remember like we going I can't even drink 8 L of a steak story dude. Oh, yeah, then the steak story mistake story. I want to bring that up when she when she she comes on so she can defend herself. That's my story. We got back in touch later down the road before a cloud that we did. Every reporter the Romantic noise before that before we we we got back in touch through Facebook before that. Whatever was that video romantic blows up that blows up at the end of that video in Vegas or La it was a biggest slap that we got back in touch with eyes like 4 or 5 years later and that's nice good story. I can't wait to hear organs. So I know so Paco. How did you meet your girlfriend? We told our story so she and I met have a girlfriend. I don't have a girlfriend. Are you just what I just like, I'm not a player. I just Crush alot. I wear Crocs though. So if I protect my virginity cuz I'm a wholesome person, you know sure and their camouflage Crocs is ho yeah, I bought everybody Crocs. Yeah, basically Paco still in the market ladies. Is he though or guys? Anyway, that's it for today guys. I don't have any sounds ready. Okay? Thank you guys for the Twitter question to ask is my favorite segment. Yeah. I know you want to do another segment in the future. I just don't know how to do it. I want to do like a radio show, you know, they do like prank calls. Yeah, but like really like not just like her your frigerator whatever like really detailed ones like that. I really want to do that. There's there's there's been like not I'm not there but there's been this radio show. I've been listening to here and they do like these prank calls and they're Super Bass with a friend will recommend hate prank call my friend and they come up with these scenarios and get all this information. So they really make it feel real. I want to something like that. I think we could do it live till they can be funnier though. If we did it the other YouTubers maybe cuz I know people like, you know. Yeah Yeahs on the friend because that's how you get the information. Yeah, it's hard to prank YouTubers cuz they already get pranked that allow you to answer any calls unless I know who it is, so, I don't know. Just imagine how to use Reddit is well with a reddit.com and then she started yeah. Yeah check that out guys. I'll be up under Infinity Graham Twitter is at off the pill pot on at off the pill using and Instagram at Offutt Air podcasts, correct? And we also have mugs now and December 8th is which what does Nigahiga boom got it so you can discuss like other videos as well, even though those get posted a little less frequently, but we are going to be a part part of that community in like interacting with you guys. Probably going to do an anime. There's well. I still don't know why. Yeah, but they call it that on there, but you can be in your underwear. You can just sit there. You don't have to go to a place you sit in your pjs with a q in a tuna get them. All right. Well, thanks. Thanks again for listening to podcast. I guess we'll talk to you next one and hopefully it's all right. We'll see when she comes when she finishes building. So I'll try song. Usually ask a question. What word breathe not I'm not going to I knew you were waiting for something. I was waiting for something else to step up penis. Can you please advise or going to end?