how to be a producer dude we have our usual cast back cash back Lalaloopsy with no money as well Damn, that's going to be your guys group name. Is Ryan in the Willies by Willie gamer name that had but when I was little kid, yeah, they probably would at least. Didn't know that I wasn't trying to make you I was like a twelve-year-old I was oh man. Okay. Well, we can't say that. This is will I'm well, and I'm will will I'm Ryan and together. We are Ryan and the Willy sauce. There you go. Brian in The Woodlands are the song is that I don't know where that came from Paramore. We do not have a sponsor today. But you know, what could white mice not too late now, but I guess what could be a fake sponsor is your foundation a nonprofit that I don't remember when that video came out. He was on second channel. So anyway, I don't know about it, but the idea kind of came from it's kind of like a Make-A-Wish Foundation, but instead of sick kids it's going towards the caregivers. So it's almost like without them knowing it's like giving somebody an unexpected surprise. You did was this girl that we heard about it through while my mom heard about through a newspaper back in here. And she was like this is everything should part of the Peace Corps and she just like right out of high school. She went to like Africa to help spread like AIDS awareness and stuff like that. She was a beast. Basically he did so many things that seems unrealistic. This is too good of a person. She was our first person that we you know did something for and then we talked to her mom secretly. We reach out to, you know, a friend or family member who wants to nominate this person obviously didn't know about the foundation. So we didn't wait for someone to dominate we had to like basically just go and find the mom and we secretly talk to her and said, is there anything we want to do this Best Day Ever with the foundation's called. Org and essentially we reached out and we found out that she needed a car. She didn't ask for it. She didn't even the mom didn't even ask for it. But you said is there so we said is there something that your daughter is going to need cuz she's going off to college and really what you needed was a car so we ended up getting a park but that's just one example not saying we're going to go and help cars to everybody. But if you're out there and you know somebody who's like done a lot of good things are you just really want them to have their best day ever go to Ryan Higa foundation.org nominate him and there's a lot of the video. I don't remember what it's called or older. What's the video called on second channel? It's what it shows Best Day Ever cuz you're so ideas to give somebody who deserves it their best ever best day ever but it's just a show like what would qualify someone somebody who liked, you know, it's hard to make edits podcast and you know a good person and they done now, Unlike like a good teacher, you know, you hear those stories are the teachers always broke, but they spent all their money to the salary of a surprise people, but I'm transferring into a show at the same time. That's cool. That's cool. So I mean at least or older to nominate legal reasons, and then right as of now, I think it's only in the u.s. Nominee for the big enough very cool super cool. Anyway off from the foundation since we got a right to it. I can bring it up at the end has just felt like throwing up later you do it after the she break if you want. What up, what's on the agenda today? Dude? Life is on the agenda Dana sick. And you're leaving. You're going to Japan. You're so lucky. I'm not we talkin about do you mean that's in Stayton or you're not lucky? Okay say then. No, I don't leave work hard for this one. No, but I mean, it's just an expression for the game Fatal Frame Xbox game. That sounds really gratifying the scariest games. It's meant to be scared to take you go around me. So we can you take pictures do a ceiling for kids. I don't think I do remember that was really scary. Scary movies. Were you the one playing it or was fun to do the group? Did you play it or watch it? Like when both? Yeah, I will always watch it watch. It. Couldn't play with your kind of like a weird sticker. Like that, would you like seeing other people be scared? Not necessarily but I mean, I don't a lot of people like those compilations of people getting scared. You don't watch those videos. I think it's funny though. I don't depend on the reaction now they can be pretty funny. I don't I don't usually wants those Ellen does she scares people is good movie. That's a good movie. That's a good movie to always invite the whole group. Yeah, but I mean, it's just a kind of movies. I like yeah weird about it people like scary movies. I like your movies. Why I get that enjoyment though. I'm going to scary movies and I base how good it is based on like man. I actually felt something. I like to feel something when I watch a movie it whether it's happiness. Sadness or if it makes you feel something it's a good movie and it's really hard for you. Especially according to the last podcast your robot that is not true. But it is but if something makes if a movie makes you feel anything, I think it's a good movie that's about sucked into it also would scary movies is if you actually feel scared when you'd like don't expect me to wear because it's easy for like like you were saying remember we talked about this a long time ago jump-scares are going to like the easy way out yet. But when they movies use all their like tricks to make you feel scared, that's when you like the building of the anxiety. Yeah, it's not really the actual jump-scare that I mean, that's that's like a fart joke in comedy like the easiest way to get a laugh or two in a screw you guys laugh like you told me this is how he kind of convinced me to go watch more scary movies. Is like a horror and comedy have a lot in common because those are the only two genres that rely heavily on timing heavily out. Yeah, it's all about timing and that's why I kind of Jordan peele's movies like the exact on so well, I mean, he's like, he's a comedic genius and he's able to translate that into it like or so maybe you want to talk about the little bit cuz that's actually something that you're interested in. Yeah. I mean I from even before get out get out inspired me, but be even before that. I was like I've all in you guys and I've always liked people asked me only want to make a movie like natural gut is to go and make a horror movie. That's what I would want to create more so than like a comedy movies only reason is because I feel like it's so similar in terms of timing and it's something new and I feel like it's it's fun to do. I don't know maybe something is wrong with me. I was just curious. I like to give people I don't know increase the heart rate. I don't know what it is is wrong with me dude. You make Human Centipede 4 Is there a third one? There is a third one, I have not seen it. I think is considered a great horror movie but it's great shock value. Do you remember playing scary games growing up scary games? Would ya like that you were saying with the Fatal friend. Do you remember that was only one reason? It wasn't like your genre. Are you playing scary games Resident Evil? Did you forget scared of Diablo for something? Did you remember the first boss the butcher had to have my phone cuz I was scared scary. I guess I don't know what something about I don't know. I wasn't in film at the time or wasn't into making videos again. But like it's easier now because when you watch those horror movies or like horror movies anything that takes you out of the film like a horror movie or something that you really into it's hard for me to not picture how they're filming it if that makes sense. If there's a shot where it's just like in the music building. I'm picturing like the editor down. Why are they turning up their volume so high right here? Obviously, something's going to happen. If not, they're going to cut to something else and then I got Marty pre-planning so many steps ahead because I'm trying to picture looks like yeah, and it's so not fun. But if there's a really good movie, that sucks me in that I don't think about that stuff. Yeah. I don't know that make sense. That's the only way I can try to get out of movies cuz I get sucked in very easily. That's why I don't like watching scary movies cuz even though I know it's not real like I'll just be like, yeah, I get super liked just I'm in it. That's why it that's that's why I like when we talked about it last time when I had to go. That's the only way I can get out like after The Conjuring when I went to the cloud. Yeah, I Turn All the Lights On electricity dude movie after I didn't make you is fun though. I don't you don't regret it. No, I don't because this is a good story to drink a really good movie. It was even like when I watch you and Arden are probably like the worst people or best depending on which horror movies with cuz that's what scares me is you guys person next to you that grabs you on a not so scary. Heart was scared the shit out of a grab a yell at you will yell and it's a little bit mad cuz that's not part of the scare. But like it scares me and I'm like, that's not even happen. That's all I know how to get you you do that and it's a little upsetting cuz you like that is interesting to me, but I didn't know who he was until like today. That does not necessarily true. I didn't really know much about it and Nipsey Hussle Nipsey Hussle. He just died yesterday. Rhia, but by the time this comes out in a few days this week has passed away this week cuz he was shot in a in front of the store. And you know a little bit more about it. So he's a rapper he's a rapper but he's also like a huge Community activist. He did a lot for just communities just just bringing awareness and everything like that and was trying to build people up in terms of employment in the stores. I saw a couple of videos talking about how he employed artist who are trying to make it but also needed money. So this is how this out. They would hustle this how they would grind and his mind it was just about like bringing like positivity and stuff and a quote actually. I mean if you had such an impact on the community that Mark ridley-thomas hope it's how he said his name is a member of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors who represents the southern part of the city released a statement Sunday night saying his district mourn the loss of a hustle. Oh, dude, I'm going to butcher his name. No dress at the hip. Hop artist Nipsey Hussle was a father businessman Entertainer and an inspiration to many, I mean, this is like a common thing that I said, I heard of him because every celebrity not every major him celebrities came out and there they were showing like such respect in like such a mean, you know, they do that a lot of people pass away. But yeah, it was like a consensus like this is such a good guy. You know, that's what I'm going to look him up. I looked him up. I saw the great things he did but there was also something that just came out right before the podcast. I wasn't even searching conspiracy or anything but this thing popped up on my Facebook timeline and it was a conspiracy about his death and I'm like all here we go again just got someone dies and gets shot. It doesn't mean there's a conspiracy but then I looked into it. You know, I love my conspiracies in love them and then you know what there is I mean, I haven't done enough research. That's all I'm going to say. Hello. How do I give a disclaimer? Like don't take everything. I say as a fact but take it as a grain of salt take it with a grain of sugar. I don't know why I changed it. Anyway, if you look at the conspiracies look it up for like an hour if I get it wrong from what I've read and I want to check the sites. Obviously they could be wrong. If you could be saying the same thing. The conspiracy was that he was releasing a documentary or making a documentary about this doctor doctor doctor sebi sebi who claimed that he got a or he created a cure for AIDS Legends claim is an HIV, right and I'm going to court and it's not about HIV regardless. It's everybody knows we know age is being incurable, but he has proven that it was say I don't even know if I can say that it was proven. I don't know. And everybody knows I mean in The Hope conspiracy world people know that if you if you just like curing cancer or hearing aids like selling the treatment is a lot more profitable than selling a cure to build them every step of the way, you know, there's always that conspiracy and basically there's there's a minor get that. Yeah, that's crazy. I mean, like people talk about others being a cure for cancer is just that it makes so much money treating wall and it does curing them other pharmaceutical companies make more money off of a country being sick than a country being wealthy or healthy healthy. You don't have to necessarily believe everything with a grain of sugar and just like, you know to look it up and I basically there's there's more to it but you told me some stuff that was interesting you brought up about Talking to you before this went live. There's another artist Buy in the article that I had read. Dr. Sebi that I've heard even before this event. Dr. Sebi a pound of cure and he got stopped like at an airport or something. I think in Honduras and visit you got stopped for having too much money on him, right and then he got detained and while in custody he died three days later due to fighting a battle with pneumonia, but the big conspiracy is how could one of the world's most healthy men suddenly died to pneumonia within 3 Days To A lot of people draw the idea. He was executed, you know, the actual evidence right? And then I believe there's an artist by the name left eye or something. It's a woman Ernest from TLC but she ain't a patchy was murdered as well. Right? Oh, well, she wasn't murdered. She was in a car crash car crash butts people again suspect because she was talking about him bring awareness to it. And then this whole thing happened because you know, Nipsey Hussle was making a documentary Lisa Left Eye Lopes for you. But yet so this whole thing came up and it's very regardless. It's a little suspicious. Yeah, and he also has a quote. I believe that people have been tweeting and stop saying that was the exact quote have it somewhere. It's basically he said if I if you if they kill me for this documentary says your is if they kill me for this documentary y'all bed. Ride for me. Not that I really know when ride for me means. What is right for me mean better likes you better be down for me. Like I know what I was about you better ride for me. Maybe she's like Instagram or something that he's saying he's going to finish the documentary. Yeah, and I'm like dude that's and Twitter was like protecting again. But if you have to go about it, though, I mean like you would say publicly you're going to finish a documentaries Yet Bun know if something happens to him we know it is like there's still no way to prove it though. So I wonder this is kind of like not a side thing but has there ever been a conspiracy that was like pretty big that actually got proven and it transfer from conspiracy theory to fact and then action was taken that ever happened. I know I'm sure I'm sure there has been maybe when everybody thought the world was flat in 1914. Yeah, it was a result of conspiracy at some point. Right? I mean like more like a modern modern times where maybe someone was like it wasn't known conspiracy. And then there's something came out where someone proved it was right. It was at first a lot of people are saying that doesn't sound realistic even before the fax came out right true people were saying that and then, you know couple weeks later he gets caught or they find like his is I don't know. I don't know. I don't know exactly but all these other facts came out. Yeah and a grand scale at worldwide government, you know, if it if it is like let's say Let's see even say like God forbid. I hope not, you know, Nick Cannon, whatever. Yeah, they did. They get them real quick. I was the government like then what what do you do? Dit dit Salem police baton from here almost as it's like it's a relay. You know, how does 1% effaced? What's the next? How do you how do you how do you find you see people and make sure you know, those people are you got to you got to get somebody with power? Yeah to be a conspiracy theorist to be like to pursue a person has morality. Yeah, but the thing is it's like a you're basically in like a loophole because that person a loophole I was it called. Either that person who makes it that way into Power isn't going to make it there without playing ball, you know, so that's why yeah, it's even if somebody who is if I all of a sudden I believe in conspiracy theory of certain ones are all of them. If I were to somehow magically make it into a position to park right? I'm not going to make it there by saying. Hey, I wonder if the clintons murdered something something no wonder and I'm not going to look into that. I see you're saying and I think it's there's no way to expose those kind of know completely innocent person can write it out of my right amount of power and then they make in the way on the on the journey there. They make you seem like a crazy person already all this guy believes in Flat Earth or AJ exactly like aliens are are Aliens are not a conspiracy. All right eye won't go away. I'm so excited. They're coming back. I can't wait to talk about all his alien stories. That's pretty crazy hot, like a literally was like overnight that all these conspiracies like just exploded. No, no, no. No, it's been around for a while. But the fact that he was pursuing the documentary more be warlike even more like suspect but like we normally when those happen like it so I should do celebrities know they caught the killer or they killed in his area that just gotten out you know, that quickly. I don't know what it is. It's something Gang Related and then he also was meeting with someone. I think whoever that police officer whatever it is not the officer the guy you were talking about using the Rollin 60s neighborhood Crips. But he was supposed to meet with someone the next day. I like about preventing gang by the Yeah Yeah Yeahs, so he was in a gang right but yet he's trying to prevent people from going down the same original gangs were away for like people wearing like broken families and stuff and they would have like a big brother brotherly ties or someone a father to look up to and everything like that. It wasn't it wasn't originally supposed to be about like fighting and all that. Everything is like in the 40s 50s original purpose of a kind of just like turned into something else. Well, I mean that that yeah, like I said, I don't know enough about this like Hogan's Heroes. I literally just spent an hour. Where you guys came over. Yeah, I'm looking up stuff. So I don't want to spread misinformation and also don't talk more cuz you might die. What? Oh, yeah, that's at 2 of I mean, like people shedding light on fact that you even Nick Cannon, but technically we shouldn't be talking about it is what the message you're trying to say in this conspiracy. But so if we die seriously the idea of how you think you're going to die. Yeah, like maybe you're going to let you know. I don't I don't have one but some people think that they have a feeling you don't walk out into a forest. Put my hands up above my head and dissolve and become a plant. All right, that's how I can do it if you're going to let me choose. I'm not letting you choose I just think how do you think you're going to die? I think that's probably never know. I mean, I'm going to like until like the trees. I don't know never had anyone ask me if you're going to die is actually an in this is in this 36 questions to love thing that I saw. Okay, and it is like it has a lot of different questions that eventually like you do and this other person you get to know each other a little bit more one of the questions was how do you think you're going to do you have an idea of how you think you're going to die fast? How do I dye my sleep? I think that's probably I would assume the most calming. Yeah, like I'll be sure to remember that when I plan on killing you both in my sleep or plants fix the darkness went dark but I like it cuz I like horror damn we are evil. We're going into evil territory death & Good Spirits and some people think you swore on the lock the last by no I said fighting f u t t i n g. Is that pigeon that's Vision or they messing around. It's War the song even bad though. They said on TV now really? Yeah and itch. You know, she didn't she did around wait before we go to RCC break. I think we should start off with some Twitter questions. Let's do it before and after this is my favorite part of Twitter questions. Favorite memory from childhood. Go Reyna o Reina favorite memory from childhood. It's a very basic one. What kind of ties into do we have memories from our children know immediately that you can think of when I got spanked by my dad, but cuz I pants another kid and I passed him and remember like like I went to a private school as a Christian School and my dad was a it was a pastor. Why am I messing up? Everything is like you didn't look well. It's on my dad spank me but A racket battle and not a normal racket paddle a wooden racket battle about 3. So why do you like that? It's because he said at least he likes spank me so hard the first time that only pull the paddle back that my whole butt was red except for the little air holes. So it is like there's little white spots on my butt from there. It's a funny image. I just think it's funny. You saw it? No, but with the way he said it was very like you can see it in your own head. You know, how I like your whole body with red tip. It looks like you have reverse chickenpox. I thought you'd like that for a different reason. I was like makes sense. We're going to Japan pretty sure if I asked him if after you got spanked I went up to you and ask you but I hated you like that. You probably definitely not a conclusion that you're a masochist. That's the one that likes pain right? I don't know I think a little bit but not I think a lot of it because for one verbally you like to get abused and you use yourself and then when it comes to come to like the shoots that we do like other day, we did the pulling the sheet thing, right? Yeah, and then you're like, I don't know where it is. What if I were to like right into this table and fly off the bike and land like I like dude that's super dangerous that we're not going to do that, but you really want to do it. So you did on your own for your own video and I thought I thought I think that's just one of the fairies I got to be a masochist. Is your fetish huh? I don't know maybe. your favorite childhood memory know but I want to figure out more about Paco new taking a long time to think of one specific one, but probably like sports like I did some baseball when I was really young. I had like some pretty good memories from in martial arts doing martial arts growing up and Mike going to tournaments and getting first place in those are really good memories. I think from like, you know feeling accomplished as a young boy. I was a very unhappy kid, so I didn't have a lot of good memories at a very it wasn't a rough childhood. It was just a very I was a very unhappy person. Naturally. You still are no I'm happy all the time for simple things. You just don't smile. I guess not. What about like extracurricular stuff that made you made you happy? Like when I hated like most of my time was spent studying during basketball to know which ever hated both the time. I didn't like a scroll back then never hit like a sweet little jumper and ever and ever had many any shots really I was like one of the worst on the team, but I'll probably like the second or third worse, so I wasn't very happy if you like. Yeah, that's not right to go to the next one though, cuz I got some sleeves to pull. Okay. Grab a thank-you Reina next we got JoJo dick. Keith Dickey thoughts on reusable straws Do you want to pull the sleeve shirts or do you want me to you can go ahead reusable straws? I love reusable straws all really mr. Using a straw right now does not reusable that is reusable honestly when I use some at home, I'll actually like playing these but I'm not going to like the metal ones but I thought they were talking about like the ones you recycle like them thick the paper ones. You can talk about that those ones I do not agree. And I know it's all about the environment and supports cross can really make that big of a difference. Like I know there's a lot of straws in the world. There's got to be other ways cuz those drawers are awful. I think the with the straws thing supposedly it doesn't have that huge of an impact but it still has a little bit of an impact and also the thing that it gets is the visual aid cuz there was just one picture where there's Turtle had a huge like just a straw stuck and I saw that and they're trying to pull it out and it's like in his brain and all that stuff and first of all that drug sinemet snorting drugs The drug should have heard the things you can like before straws. I'm sure I haven't done the research, but I'm sure there's other things more, you know, yeah feasible or whatever it is to fix then straws. Trust me like the worst thing like why that and yet every place in La is starting to do these paper straws now and I hate them like I get paid to get paper in your mouth. I think my thoughts thoughts on musical straws reusable straws are good. Yes, I agree. I think you should be using reusable lot of things. Like I bring I don't use plastic bags anymore. Like I bring them back. How hard is it to I reuse plastic bag. Yeah, how hard is it to just use the same just get a bag and bring it same thing with straws. How hard is it? Just to clean a straw and reason so if you save your plastic bags for the market, I don't even get plastic bags bring the Asian thing. It is Xavier plastic bags in the market and stuff cuz we do remember to layer are like trash bag or try that and just for a random stuff. I got scolded for using straws from someone really recently and it was into and so I was like just being like just trying to catch conversation as soon as he's distraught. She just got mad at me and I was like, well, it's over good job. That's all it takes. Even these drawers. You can clean these I mean Sounds kind of whack but you can actually wash these and clean it out. It's super easy. He's actually a topic that I was going to bring up for notes was the recycling and apparently you're going to bring up recycling. But yeah, because the thing is a lot of people think that it could be too late for recycling that you know, we're killing the earth and its it's too late for the stuff. I got cuz before China actually we exported a lot of our recycling in our waste to China because of their it's at their cheap labor laws. They were able to take these things recycling brands of a product but China, I think within the past couple years something band importing of like Lonesome waste so now cities that used to make like I think like 60-something million dollars per ton for recycling now have to pay like to get their recycling done. A lot of these places are burning their recycle in their waste for energy. But it's just like so what does are against country do now in terms of recycling because it takes so much for them to sort through all these like small things. Right? So what we could do it individually is to separate them. But I feel like it's because of America feel so entitled a lot of us are just going to be like, why do I need to do that? You know, I'm already helping my recycling. Why do I need to take these other steps? No one's going to yeah, I mean some people but the majority is not going unless it becomes a cool thing to do to make a cool. Yeah, or it has to become a high five. Yeah, what California already has that? Do you get paid to recycle California? We had that I don't remember what is not that hirano collect all the bottles and some of that but yeah, we get weed to get no rewards here. So I don't see why people are incentivised here to do. It. Don't miss you a lot like recycling things. I see a lot of trash cans to recycle but it's also like a good thing to be conscious of like how much trash you're actually using like in general. Like that's why I think we started trying to like use real lot of usable stuff, you know, and like I know it sounds kind of hipster, but you might consider using things you bring a jar and like Phil, whatever you're getting like a rice like when we go get rice like we put it in like a a reasonable bag or jar. So we're not sorry for not good about that boxers and then you Use it needs over the box of every night. I mean like this like a thing in the back of my mind. I think that yeah that wasn't always like that. It was only like as I became an adult. That's my two cents on it. Well overall recycling is good. More people should do it good. Yeah. I'm not a fan of a fan of paper straws Sonata fender. Well, you told me that why don't they do that again? That sounds like a spy a conspiracy. I call it conspiracy idea MJR I see you try to take it and we're back then. Okay, and we're back. What am I to the second half of the second out of the pocket? Oh my gosh, it's so loud. Oh, what am I drinking out of it's my brand new. I feel podcast mug get it at I think so. I think they can get you. I don't know Uncle look somewhere else. But yeah right now. Yeah CDI right now, we have a more s out of the videos you guys created which one of them took the most time in Hawaii for everyone time and why like everything start to finish. Sorry that you riding to when it's posted. Yes. I don't know you would know that. Yeah, I know I think let me some videos. It's something I wrote like the year before does that count from working on it though be like from when you pulled it up finalize it and then got it into our hands and then You get that it in Folkston GA videos those take the longest. Oh, yeah. I didn't think of that because I like just like 10 minutes. It's not 10 minutes for the videos 10 minutes does not mean it takes 10 minutes to take the 10 months. So those are usually write a concept first. I need to get have a good idea for a song and then I can this song fit into where the story line is where all the guys you know, but it's but then there's another step which is even harder which is it from there. If I have a concept I work with David to be like, hey, can you translate this to Korean? Cuz you need to have Korean in it right now K-pop. So there's that step which is painful because we have to find words that I can't even contribute. I don't know how to make something sound good syllable wise or I'm wise cuz I don't know, you know Korean so there's that step and then after that we have to make the song and I have to Learn and the other guys if they're in it have to learn how to say these words and not even words. We're saying sounds is imitating what we're being told to really hard. Yeah. It's it's just like a song that's the make the song and then we had to go to all the other stuff to make a video and the music video is more like a traditional sense of filming a video. Like there's a Budget Inn budget. There's a crew like out here. We do a very like YouTube style. We have a quick quick fast out there. It's like set up to the scene. You have a call sign film and it's it takes way longer. It's way more expensive and do you know, what did you guys want to BJ video patreon right here 13 million dollars by 24 hours of Wendy's podcast released Honestly though, like that's part of the reason why I don't do it. It's like financially not like those videos do well, but I don't really like really benefit from it that much in terms. I like to lose money. I think I'm the first one, you know, it's you don't cuz you're not sponsored if they were sponsored then you could get you know, it would be worth doing but TimeWise and like money-wise expensive your ass out of my pocket to come out like that and the guys are not I'm not paying them. They're just doing me a favor by being in it. You're paying them exposure sure, but I don't really count that. I would love to pay them. I just don't have the budget goes towards making the music video one of those. Those are the ones that take longer than that's why I don't know but with you guys, I don't know. I mean, I mean, I mean that's that's the one I was like your experience. What is the longest one is the one that I made? Or out of the video that created like which one took the longest for you to like partaken. What is a large chunk of it took a long time, but that wouldn't be one that I looked at me. Like I was just took such a long time and we had like a an unfortunate loss of progress during the process, but that that's I don't really I mean, yeah, I don't know I can only think I mean that has to be pretty much the one that is answered because mine is my sources different in terms of like I can't think of it at first channel one again, I guess. I mean, I guess it obvious when will be Dragon Ball mean that was a long time ago took a long time or any of those big effects when you know don't want to take a long time. Is I mean, yeah, people don't know how long it takes to make more videos. I could I definitely can I can post three times a day, but it would be I bet you I could I would shoot 60 of them right now in 2 hours. Will you watch it watch it? You're I'll make I'll make 10 videos a day. That's easy, but that's not the type of contacted you come to him for as well. It's well, I mean some people like that stuff but like it's just not what I like doing for won the Superbowl in 02 Tata 99309 199 for the thanks for the question. Anyway, we can do more next time. It's very similar ones, you know, yeah original to do just fine. We should just pull like what we do for YouTube when we just pulled in the comment section dear Ryan. There's so many good ice all good questions every time I watch This is way better questions in the in the comment section are like what a bunch of change it. I'm just saying last thing I like about his people can upload it. Yeah, you have a good question that people care about is like not no offense. If you left us Twitter questions is just a lot of times are very like so we've already answered all so we only had two hours for this one cuz when he really give time yeah, yeah, so we'll talk questions because I mean, I think I like the YouTube system. I think it's in terms of like the operating system. At least it shows like what people care about so leave some interesting stuff about the ones you like to acknowledge that I mean your type though. Don't talk about your type or maybe other people share the same thing is not a bad thing is just like to see that means you think of it as an insult, then don't know cuz everytime you find one every time we see a girl and I go Well, I don't know if this is a common thing, but you said that you really like girls with skinny arms specifically arms. I like the stomach not like the legs are in skinny arms breakable. But I mean that they break in your head. Now your arm think of when you think of it as breakable. I just find it. So interesting very interesting to it is I've never I've never heard of that like that's your interest is so specific. That's why I could do a lot of things that other guys would say that person just based off of that one thing off their arm. Yeah. I accept this challenge. We got to find those pictures of we're going to test him know we're like, oh do you think she looks like what what what kind of picture that is really tiny. I actually wanted to date somebody was calling me for a long time, and I know a lot of good, but I personally would prefer. I don't know. I'm not tall. Don't really like when the girls taller than most guys. Most guys don't want to do you only buy little bit. Maybe she's tall is how I just know things are negative thing. I don't know why you got to be like, I'm always bring something up on my lot of things. I can't stand this podcast. I know I made you look bad dude. I'm here to pump you up preferences in girls their great-looking. She's like a really nice down-to-earth like genuine person. Thank you. How's your arms? Look just as good arms. Not breakable. Not break. Very very I just thought it was funny cuz it was the first time I've ever heard that when I used to wear more clothes. Tank tops that first start having you as a friend while she liked that. He was a dark color, but I don't even know what that looks like, you know. I don't I don't like a wallet damn the bigger. That was a wallet. You know, that man's got a lot of receipts in there. That is true as well on his taxes as a lot of bills. You know, what we're talking about. I don't have no idea. I didn't take my pills today. Are you didn't know I'm off birth control. He better be careful teacher Japan and better be careful. We went on the bookstore, but that's just me and Ryan and that was that was really fun for me. Japan was by far our favorite trip for sure. You got super hooked up for can you do so there's this thing called geekweek? Right? And essentially I just didn't want to go cuz like I need to make videos and then what are we what if we give you a budget while all your all your team and you know it since he woke make you a video so you have to worry about that. But you basically get a one-week vacation Japan and then you promoted on geek week. And from what I keep from going places. I need to work on something. So we did that and YouTube Google they have so much money. They put us in the Ritz like a nice one of the nicest hotels in Ritz-Carlton Ritz-Carlton in in Tokyo in business district, very fancy, Japanese girl, it looked like super like it look like businessmen area is super nice and definitely expensive not that we'd had to pay for it, but they gave me will Sean and Greg of just four of us. Yes, we all had our own sweet about the size of like, so when was sweet Best like it's hard to beat when your texts are you guys even said that you ended up sleeping in each other's I think we gave we gave like I let someone sleep in ours or something, but I don't think it was too big so much room in any other anyway and had chocolate swear you guys every night every morning. We had new chocolate spread but to be fair on the trip. There was a lot of work, but you were working the majority of time we're filming like going to locations. Yeah, and you guys are doing the NADA to a video trailer don't we just a meeting read stuff like that? But it was interesting. I was it was for sure a good trips that the best trip and you didn't own send child singer jealous. I wasn't being sarcastic. We're jealous that you're going to Japan alone Japan. Yeah, cuz we had such a butt is such a place. It's the only time I went on a trip somewhere where I felt like this is actually Like a completely different country cuz no one understands you like in Singapore people still speak English in Hong Kong. Actually. I think the battery went dead. Chinese that wasn't a good experience. I had a horrible histories and peanut felt the same way like no one really likes, this is Rodger. We had no idea you couldn't find a hotel like it was so in Japan. I would say go to an Onsen. Preferably one that you actually have to take your clothes off and sit in the hot tub and I dislike old ladies. That's what I want to do. And also go to sqeegee Fish Market will go to wherever like wake up super early or stay up all the way till like 4 or 5 and going to try to do that. The Mahdi carts, which of the Mario. Oh, yeah, we can do that. There's like Izakaya. They have a seat so we didn't go in there, but they have some weird stuff in jet in Japan and forgot her knees people. And I think I can say it because I found out they're weird dude. They're weird day do some weird stuff. But it's at the same time. They like the nicest people who never meet any more polite have better service and in Japan to me. I don't know just my opinion, but they do some weird stuff like that. There was a place called Black Rose and it's a S&M bar you want that is like what they do that and they do like we're not that we did it was closed. So I don't know if you did you ever tell the story. I don't know but we were with like the person who was taking it sounded like you just trying to show us like we're we're so fun time and we went up to the bar and just you and him just me and him and we elevator the elevator opens up and you stepped right into the bar and it was red velvet all over the walls and can't melted candles everywhere like black furniture and we walking is completely empty and I was like, you think we should go in here like what's going to happen if we walk to the end of bar? Like walks in like American guy scared like that is going to pick me out. Yeah, but I'm pretty sure if that bar would have been open we would have had a different experience for sure. That's what I mean though. I think that's the kind of stuff that you would do. Yeah, I'm probably just going to try to do like I was really inspired cuz I just saw the Conan Without Borders like that man so funny like when you feel like only he can get away for sure said some things and he like the way that he's so charismatic that he's able to act a certain way when people will laugh you did it. I like your comments are just be the opposite and I mean maybe that's why you're being a comedian is about being self-aware, you know, and just like understanding of how people perceive you. Yeah, I mean like to change what he what it what's being said is still the same thing, but you said some things and he doesn't things that I feel like if Logan Paul did it over exactly the same as sure you would receive the exact opposite of likability. Are we going in on this part is it is time but I mean just extending that conversation cuz that's a conversation in itself. Is it how like people's actions aren't the same just because of who they are ya course, you know, I mean, it's not necessarily fair, but I think it is is it fair? I do think it is. So you think it's fair Like Jesse Smollett is Famous so he's able to get out of a crime that he committed. No, I don't know why I thought I just saw a Chicago Police Department basically saying like it's the reason why he's getting away with this. It shows that yeah, if you're famous, we have money you can get away with things and that's what I mean in like people aren't treated the same. ER. I mean, I don't think that's fair. Yeah. What I'm talking about is like the whole lot like ability think if you build a foundation and a character behind you sure that shows that you know, Do you have a positive attitude in and you're trying to do things for the better that you know certain things that you do? He was you have an understanding of okay. There's a reason behind this. It's not purely for what he's just say. I think it's very important to ya build a foundation and contacts just like the the Ryan Higa Foundation giving back to the community with the one best day ever at a time. You going to nominate somebody if you have somebody and then obviously, we're in a fact check when I'm just going to let you know you just give yourself up Best Day Ever and then you know, there's there's rules and so we can follow their just go to running a foundation. Org. Anyway, nice plug. Thank you for that door. It's nonprofit nonprofit, very cool people donated and if you donate it's not going to me. It's all going back into creating the show. All right. Fingers Virginians. Phil podcast again. Sorry, this was incredibly random follow us at off the pill Twitter right down on the wall over there at off the pill on Twitter at off the pill podcast on Instagram. And this time we can be taking questions from your comments as well. We normally take them that we should take some from Instagram Twitter question you to question. I like that. Ok, just viewer questions there leave a comment and hopefully get to it. I know I made it a question. If we don't your questions garbage, what's the what's the weather today? I love you. I saw people skit I'm know for a fact they skip to the end. So next time we're doing now, but next time we'll do the one right now is I didn't skip to the end. Okay, I didn't type that if your your real one. Hey ride with me today. I just realized it in to 321 change it up herbal. I didn't skip to the end. When's the next time?