Sexiest voices. Thanks man. Sorry, we've been having really a lot of issues with getting the same started about an hour to get this thing started, but we're good and Jerry's here. But before we get started what is lucid dreaming in lucid dreaming is basically just you're aware that you're dreaming so you can control it can literally do whatever you want. Like, I've never done it. That's why I want to actually see that is not the other thing know it wasn't the movie of Insidious and said yes, what is inception astral projection is I think it's just it's just I don't know what it's called out of body experience and you kind of just see yourself sleep. Okay, so I think I've done that before or I was dreaming that I was doing it regardless. It's very boring cuz I know in that dream or when it fell was actually doing it. I was like, I thought it was lucid dreaming cuz I was awake while it was happening, but I was like, okay, I want to fly to this roof and II was like watching I was on the ceiling stuck there looking at myself sleep unless the flame live stream, but I'm aware of it and I call this must be lucid dreaming and I thought like I felt my body lift up and I could see myself sleep and it was just so boring but then lucid dreaming. Is it dreaming is when you can and you're aware, whatever part of your dream, you don't you have to be that coming out of your body or whatever. It's like you're just in the dreaming you're aware that you're certain triggers. I guess that you are you can you can do like counting how many fingers you have were looking at me like that. You have to have to need some kind of way to tell yourself that you're dreaming. You once you realize you're dreaming you have complete control over the world can do whatever you want. You can fly you can have a celebrity appears. She is kind of like Inception.I guess so. I'm not like I kind of forget how certain work is like it is controlling your dream but to piggyback off of showing others Inception was the whole idea of like planting a dream Lansing idea inside of somebody right or being a zombie apocalypse and you would want that to happen because then I could have my you know, like you have your whole load out like I'd have a bunch of guns, you know what I mean? And I got to go through and like Merck everything. Hey, would you just lost our monetization by seeing guns your Spotify.Oh, yeah, I didn't like the title and it wasn't we weren't like promoting it or we just talked about it like we're doing right now, but I know better now we had it in the title and they freaking flags of the Jr. Is an OG YouTube where you been around since 6. I'll let you tell it how you got started. I started Anchorage Alaska and final 78907 was Good Charlotte everybody out there still staying warm in the cold.Is there a is there a Whole Foods in that area? Yes everywhere. I'll just super like offended that you don't need to go ahead and did a bunch of like school events Banquets and all that stuff singing at that stuff and it wasn't until I was like 16 1516. I did American Idol and I made it to the top 40 for of that year was Carrie Underwood season and Tennis at I thought she was one of those who am I thinking of then? I don't know really big but she's not the winner. You might think Clay Aiken.What she don't know she's she's the one. Yeah, I did that all the time 6 16 1516 saw the youngest actually in that season in that in that in the top 40 for because with that when I kind of didn't know where I stood in the hole like how good I am I was I guess thinking it's all good. You could sing but like I am I really going to do how do I stand against other people in no comparison comparison of being a small place and this is before the internet too. So it's like oh, I really don't know anything outside of those pop it ya ya and I made it to the top 40 for those. I got a hundred thousand people sold out at that. I was like, okay. This actually could be a thing. So I went to high school and then it was it was like the first semester of college and I was on this this new side called YouTube and I saw a video by David Choi front of the show, right? Yes. I'm playing the YouTube song and then I was like, oh this looks cool was fun like and back then. We're not thinking anything of it. We're just like to see the video up and I and I was like and then so I put up a video and like I don't even look at it for it was out of sync. It was so bad. It's like I told him I told him like several times decillion spy bird like a at Asian dude relatability and I just put up the video and then didn't look at it for and then 2 weeks later to look at it again was like 10 comments and 150 views and I'll do it at your whole city. 807 shout-out consider it like another life even though there's a lot of times. I mean, I don't correct them. I don't correct them whenever they're busy day that I got to go back to the States and see me now is a very I mean always very different classes very different to each other. Hawaii and Alaska like some people really think or feel worse for us. Anyway Alaska is so different that they have like, I don't even know how many shows but I only know that cuz my mom watches it religiously and she's addicted to them. I mean it's it looks beautiful. But I mean, it's not Anchorage there like in the middle of nowhere and fly to Anchorage is a beautiful than 500,000 people like half a million people in the whole state. And just to give you like like comparison likes Alaska is 2 * but like two or three times bigger than Texas to 23. Yeah it is but then that's not a lot of people that's not why you said Anchorage is like Anchorage about like I'll probably say like 300,000 people still more than my Island less than his island island Island Realty in Oahu, where are you? We trying to say, but I was on the Richards. What does that mean? Have you been in this crap in your life once. And I'm saying you were the guy that got knocked out? Old man. No, no but not for 3rd or 4th grade really hard. My timing was really good because we're all leaving the class to go outside punched really hard right before and then and then he was just like crying and immediately when it happened. He was a shout out to the homie. Set in your book. I don't know what yeah, you know, I mean it's so I was in kindergarten. This is my scrap. This is my penis. So I was thinking and you know, you like everybody lines up for you have to go to like the lunch or what are on our way to do that would line up and it was always like the goal to make it to the front of the line really fast and I mean, but I could never get there. I could never get to the front cuz where I was sitting was like towards the back of the class. I have to go around desk. So people on the other side their back facing the door, they turn around and they're already there. But this one time I remember I got to the very front very final line height. The reason why I remember this cuz it was a big deal back then I finally got to the phone line and this girl cut in front of me cheap did US she'd literally just saw me there besides that man came in front of me. I didn't say anything because I said it for her turn around and soccer in her stomach and she just collapsed and when she did one of those like when she was on the ground when it was a girl of some of my stories were City. Yo, that's that's not what if she likes you though. Maybe he was flirting that's not how you flirt with the kindergarten Ryan and she never cut again. You know this girl. I remember her or her name since I have it. I did it on like a video. I was like sorry Hannah. I don't know what I mean. It's I think it's felt like I was in kindergarten. Do I have so much trouble for that? Anyway, that wasn't a proper responders didn't understand that. I don't want my parents to and then the second time I've ever gotten so kind of a fight was in 4th or 5th grade the after-school program and I brought for a Liquor Store and type on a bee and it was in like a jar or a God thing in it. It has like not as he has holes himself with Abby and I was the coolest thing I brought it to get it after school program in this kid tried to take it tried to take my be so you hold a charge and he had it with him. And what are you doing? I took it back put it in my cubby hole and heat we kind of got into a scuffle. I don't know. He was just like trying to see it and this is like for the paper like four years of Judah already. So I was waiting for this moment and I tossed him on his head. But I mean, this is just a natural reaction like we're having like a little the wrestling thing going on. I'm waiting for this moment. I just don't take my B and don't cut that's all you got to go unscathed. The bee was fine nose, baby. Yeah, but I don't know. I don't know. I don't remember but yeah, I got in trouble for that too. So I haven't those two times but both times it was a reaction people down and I used to get bullied. So okay, there it is. Maybe that's maybe I deserve to get one. Anyway, that's enough my fighting stories all man. You're pretty fast. Yeah. I was here like Hawaiians always be fighting my barber. My barber was telling me he has straps. Respect is not always like okay we have problems. That's why I was almost like a kind of like a normal thing. And then after you guys times like it's more no matter who wins your supposed to shake hands and call it. There should be nothing else after that. That's not that's good though. It's better than like, you know, someone pulling out a knife and stabbed someone or and then that person retaliates, you know it with their family and civilize thing but it's about respect and I like it and that's why YouTubers are boxing now. They're trying to respect each other. You know, what's funny but did you get the bag for those that is true real big thing? I always said like many guys are at the time. They're just doing distractions. Like they should just like they really hate her that much when you just play I want to do a show. I think you guys should just fight and then make up like just that's the best way to it like in Hawaii despite it out. And then you no matter who wins you just hug and then that's it call it refunded. That's all presidents and dictators of Wars of the rock better be President. Donald Trump vs. Kim younger than he does have like he has like, what is it when your lower just come from what I hear? It's very unhealthy. I can't imagine his hair makes me feel like He doesn't have you should just give up. He's fighting for his hair. Anyway, that's when they were celebrity deathmatch know about that. What do you know about it? This way to wear way to I think TV is way too soft not to do that. Then. Yeah just like you too. But I mean if we're talking about YouTube in something like comparisons from the past on now cuz YouTube is great. And thank you you too for everything. I love you guys you guys were in this group called ytf. Probably one of the super group on YouTube super what did they take that why is it soup, but we are one of the I mean before this is before like that with the team tens and like the Oscars there are things right now right now so we didn't It's like a treated it like literally just friends or friends and then eventually made a business out of in a way kinda but we were just friends who are hanging out and I think it was that thing out. Yeah, it was an excuse for us to hang out. We are just friends and we came up with this thing ytf yesterday today forever and we had a message to spread and we basically just made it because you want to hang out want to tour together. And yeah, we weren't sure that's the name that I love you when you yep, but I guess I'm more subtle name that it was which was what what did you guys go we could talk about that. I don't think it matters, which is I want you to say cuz I don't know. We're just going to keep it a secret now. What's the weather supposed to originally originally before it? Was literally a bunch of guys in a room, right? And we're just hanging out and we are like to really really suck at YouTube frat and that's what how it started ytf. Mischley started that way and they start talking about getting all these letterman jackets and it was like I was the one that was supposed to know you guys wanted if I don't want to let him check it. Anyway, you know what I like frat we didn't know what I did. And did you choose you to fret the name? No, no. No, that's fine here besides this. Actually I came up with an alternative to watch it because I thought it was at the time anymore. We had more girl followers in guys now, it's opposite. But yeah, we switched it to you know, best rated a forever which you sent. It was just a message that we're trying to get across right as yesterday is in the past today. You have a choice forever is up to you same thing as it's kind of last week, saying the same thing but essentially just meaning like the message want to spend with what we believed it is is just making the choice to do something despite your past, you know, whatever happens don't let your circumstances just do it. That's basically the Nike Slides in our way we came from there. I guess you guys went on to do a lot of pretty cool things. What was your guy's personal like favorite ytf moment. Favorite moment and then I want some like dirty questions. You can ask you a joke joke joke long. I mean the first tour was pretty fun. Hawaii was most awesome other than the fact that I got my heartbroken and my girlfriend at the time I found out in Hawaii. I don't remember this to be honest, Hawaii. Yes, for sure best time like that was that was just a really good like bonding time. It was a good day over here 11 something like that. And I do remember remember that day. We actually we're doing a photoshoot. Yes the first day and then the day before we actually were celebrating Dom and D-Trix and Andrew's birthday dinner. So that night I had like a really bad feeling in my gut and I was just like cuz my girl went out my girlfriend at the time. We went out that night Mama block while it's going to snow and then she I just felt like, you know, you got a gut feeling that a good feeling but then for the most part I'm like just worried about her well-being. I know she's going now. She's drinking Bubba blah. Long story short woke up that morning got on the phone with her. Found out that she'd she'd I kind of briefly went downstairs and started like laughing hysterically laughing like crying and blood like I was like, I just like was like shocked I can't leave. Okay. Well, I don't remember that part of me something that is why I cried on stage during I forgot one of the songs that I did save this I had a song called seedless and I choked up during a during the performance zodiac. Yeah. It was really that moment cuz I remember writing that song not about a specific person, but then after the moment after apply it apply to Damn, and that, okay. So when you do write songs and it's not always necessarily there is it's always inspired by love. Obviously a lot of a lot of it is just different aspects, but sometimes it'll be personal and then other times it will be I'll know enough from someone's perspective to write on it weird in treating, you know, where I'll be able to be like, why would I how would I react in this situation or right? That's interesting? Yeah. Yeah, but I guess that would make sense music for whatever reason it's just my personality. Like I really likes really sad try to do you get inspiration from Tucson to riding just like so he can make good. Yeah, that's why I think to Hiller Swift Taylor Swift conspiracy. She only so that she can record music. Wow Beauty on duty Swiffer. I feel like that's a common thing that they will assume for a while. I slept okay, you can take mine. That's true. I mean, what else was there? All I know is the last four we did was exhausting. It was super exhausting but I can't regret love ya charted what we had people who cut of organized it to save us money essentially were like how much it was sick shows and try to do the most cost-effective, you know, we're trying to Save money a lot of us going to put everyone up in a hotel get a book The venue's we're all doing it on our own. We also need like me back soon like Mercedes to pull up and pick something it was that was a tough to her cuz we were we didn't sleep. I got like we didn't we would like driving a city before you know in the morning early in the morning. We would do the rehearsal thing go to a hotel or something for like 2 hours do a meet-and-greet it be like almost midnight. If there was any event we have to go to the event after and the flight was like a few hours after that. So there was no Hotel really it was just like that for like 2 weeks straight that everybody was mad and grouchy. Everyone was and that was that was the last time we did. I was like, I don't want to ever do it. Just with you know, why TF just in general. I was just like after that experience. I wouldn't have ended but it was it was a catalyst. I think the black and golden rule little bit better. Anyone want it on eBay and sold it as a package. Five bucks consisted of me and Jay are D-Trix KevJumba Chester See Victor Kim set. It is a 707. I don't remember so. KevJumba Kev Chester dietrich's Victor top he's number one in my heart. So whatever someone who is doing well, but we just don't know who it is. No no hate on that but Andrew Garcia. Anyway Andrew was also part of it and then Tim kind of joined us at the very end. Yes. He will go nuts. And yeah it like I said, it was a bunch of guys at the time. Not that we didn't allow girls and it was at the time we formed it. That's what he was around. Very casual guys. All right, I want to ask one. What was like one of the craziest why TF stories you've never told but you feel like you know crazy. It's been awhile. It's been a while. I think I can let this will not be bag. We haven't told any real stories, but we never had anything like one night. We're just like 70 strippers came into like a hotel room thing for my experience. They were all dudes. Oh, yeah, Noemi we just were tired but you don't exhaust was everyone lived in North Hollywood. Literally just hung out all the time. We're in the rooms playing video games and watching movies. Go to Panera Bread on the street that was exciting day. Like he did not hear it back. It was kind of lame. We didn't do more tours. I think most of time we were literally just doing it like we really were just having fun making videos this literally for the most part. We are literally just doing what can we do to be creative it help each other than they can go videos make whatever I do come true if we didn't even put on camera. Laugh so hard, it's too much to date yet too much laughing and I think the Catalyst to that was because of that door and at the same time that's when Kev he's booked that Cartoon Network thing. He was on like doing some Cartoon Network not a show, but he's a cold steam at work a little bit and so he wouldn't it on that tour. It's already became six people from 7. And you know, I'm not saying that it's because of his butt, but that is like, I think it's around that to her. It was just too much to lot for when I just didn't I was just a whole thing. I didn't like the only thing I think it also started when you when you start I think it was the the when you start bringing business and friendship into each other and not having to clear distinction between the two we didn't Saturday as a business communication or anyting Yap auction now people no more talking no communication. Alright. Well, I mean, that's pretty cool you crazy. So I got glitter individual drama in the group that happened at towards the end. Most of us are all friends, but I don't want to I don't get your Amazon until they come on the show podcast episode to do a reunions Noemi we could breaking news. We're going to have a do not say that anyway, Yeah, we're not going to do that. Anyway, I think what it what are we at? We're not at the 30-minute break early. Oh, wow. That was all right, then. I guess it's time for sushi. You send me the way to get into that. We haven't figured that out yet. Can you sing it make it up right now freestyle. All right. That's all right brake beautiful. Back back from the CC brake back from the CC brake back from The Cece break ya back from singing that you singing in the whole time. We were like getting ready to go again. I felt inspired. I know I like it. Anyway, we're back in the sheshe break before we going to that. We just use that as the jingle. I mean, we don't feel obligated to know if there's going to recording and we have to pay him residuals. On the right are there is no that's like a lot of a lot of big six. But there's hundreds really like in America. We have people from the Midwest bone and muscle cells like slangs or like they usually cuz like in certain dialects, they don't like pronounce like certain letters and all that stuff. I see it's just stuff like little things like that and then just even words legging in a hole and pigeon. We don't pronounce ours at the end. Like Moberly Mo bettah, which is Mo Bamba are better Mo Bamba. It's almost as a basketball player. Carburetor. I believe I ran across a video where the guy was saying that he let me check with the check was the rapper what is actually knows the guy is like dude. It isn't bad, but it's catchy. There's a Twitter video viral. He dropped the n-bomb in a couple times, but this Twitter video had like I'd say at least a hundred Vicodin and what time are the games being like a large trampoline gym. This area are playing that and all these little kids are like singing along with the song and then he like the basketball games and you see like college like, you know college games get intense and they are saying it and I'm like, I mean, they're not supposed to tell me what should I do? If there's a black eye filming another black guy in the Crowd Goes like I always thought that yummy you just stay away from it in general. But I mean, I guess if it's not in that context in a negative way, it's literally they're not saying they're not creating the word. They just repeating. Yeah, like like yeah, I mean, I feel like we're for sure not the ones to decide decide what cuz like at the age if if you could avoid it. Just do it. I think that's the thing. It's especially then they ain't like, I mean, I have seen both side obviously where it's almost become apart of the language. But those there's like between the black community are already fight about that. Some people would tell you shouldn't say it unless you keep his argument is like the argument is that like they took that word which was negative and created Wright make their own which was like a word of endearment amongst themselves. That's why other cultures feel like they can see it cuz it's like all this is not a negative thing but it stems from something like that when people say without education being educated about the word and I think that's the main problem is like why aren't you don't even you don't understand the yeah, what comes with that that you haven't earned the right up. We never will you know what? I mean? Cuz we don't we don't have that. We don't know the history. We don't know what we don't know what that actually means to be that it also changes over time to get like like even back in session Hawaii for us. Like I said, the f a g word on a video and I was like, I didn't think anything of it. Yeah. I didn't have the same meaning that it did now read it back then being gay wasn't as popular. I guess there's a wreck says accepted but I didn't you associate that with gay people. I just thought I know that meant something else if your feminine if you're acting feminine, I thought that's what I thought. That's what it was. I didn't know I didn't know that the word itself, but it's just how in overtime and back then two people didn't think much of it either for me and then like there are people who are called mongoose. Kind of like it it's kind of like I think that's offensive. Isn't it? No supposed to be in the comments that from the other one, but it called the f word by them. So I was like, what is this word now, so I don't even think I guess not that bad, but they got me. So I just it's weird how I did things just change everything. Maybe there's a word we said today that when they watch this podcast 10 years to hours would be like they said this song about yes, he went for a gender joke penis and that's the point. Don't tell me you were referring to a time where you had issues earlier with Papa not recording when we're talking anyway, and I don't have no we need to do before we forget your question is what some questions for J R Us up on Twitter and Instagram at off the pill podcast because someone took ER it's at Jr. Aquino Aquino or how else would you say you I like when you say my name. I know you said I do not know you were singing. The first question we have a couple what's one important lesson or thing Ryan learn from Jr. And vice versa. One important that you guys have learned from each other that you feel like you can really credit the other person know for sure with Ryan. It's it's literally anything you put your mind to you. Can you can accomplish that's little teaching but you taught by example, I just doing stuff you at he embedded into you cuz it's already had the mindset but consistent level and you that's what I mean. That's that whenever I think of people that have longevity and and someone that puts their mind to something cuz if people don't know if you are following Ryan and you don't already know this anything Ryan wants to do he will end up doing and do it fairly. Well, that's not necessary. But I think that I don't think that's the way you got to be me in that one for it and what the thing that you taught me for one is just the run is now just think about music it's so I'm like literally nothing like you know, what Harmony was you're the one who taught me that all you can go just like to notes above other note or was it to know it's something like that. That's not the best but I would take all of that but I understood why things on that way and then when I heard you and Andrew singing together, you would explain to me that it's just all he sings this I think this and it's like to know what's above harmonizes with the other at all this music stuff and it was so interested down to like what runs were obviously how you do that with your voice when you just think I'm going up and down or whatever. I can't do it right now. I really do the same thing. I haven't done it in so long that a yeah, I mean that's that's because we're doing it so much that it became easy to chew in any way. I learned that what is the run that they do and then maybe you can pay me later. I don't remember either. This goes out to buy Jeffy and we're all around like dancers. So people were trying to learn dance moves around singer. So me and Kev we didn't do anything. But I mean you guys were singers right you Andrew Victor hunted singing and dance Chester. The singer, dancer Victor was a dancer like when we did shows me and Kev. We're just like garbage. We're just we just like field time. He's a good stuff that what he does is in widely accepted as an art form. Exactly. We can bring people to the seats, but you guys were the entertainment we filled the time in between teeth This is literally just a nice to meet you. It's so great to meet you too. Good to meet you at the end of the show. I think it speaks volumes about how great you guys are at what you do because they literally wanted to see you guys to most but it's like I mean if you watch somebody lost it was just a great it was a great time to just like get some fast and be like, hey men I sing. Oh, well, you did some people who would come and be like, holy crap. This guy can sit in. These guys are not like you two performances. This is like real performer me. There's that there's that there is that there is that mindset of or that perception of like what a YouTuber is r and the stand across the board even with just like actors. Whatever if you're on YouTube your kind of seemed like below Main Street, and then it was justified. I mean there was some shows shows I won't even call Michelle. Is there where it's just people it's basically just meeting. Yeah. Yeah, but we'd there was a you guys were actual performance what you guys did for a living you tried to have production tried we tried and you are so I think like we did at least we tried the effort that something the whole music thing which actually made a big impact on my career cuz I started doing like music videos and stuff on the first one. We did together was the most whores kill all the videos we didn't want with David and you remember you were with her for me that video and and and you're on a boat a lot of things considered. Anyway, next question we went we win them another one loremaster 666 or Johnny X was asked. Was there a defining moment where you said? This is it I want to become a singer. Oh cuz I'm sure during your career. There's actually been different levels of like this is what I want to do and I was like a grand idea and then now you're like, oh more specifically this is what I want to do. You know, what are you doing popped off you like what I want to do this and now when you found out cuz you're telling him when he wanted to know the election happen before all the audition all that YouTube stuff. I think I was 12 or 13 and I saw the power saw the first season American Idol and I was like Kelly Clarkson Kelly Clarkson the season and I was literally wash it and I was like, oh I want to do that. And that I was just a matter of waiting yet. And I didn't teach you that you already did that before I met you, but other than they can slide right right and a personal level. I think I had lost but for sure when I'd like 12 or 13 and I saw that I was like a whole man only do this and then I guess moving on then so at what point are you now where you're like this the type of singer that you want to be, you know, there's like a lot of music. I want to like writing all that. I think you know, I grew up on like R&B I listen to everything but I'm like majority is like R&B pop kind of think so, but I also just I just like I write from personal experience that looks a lot about love so I think once I picked up like once I picked up a Guitar I was like, okay, what what am I going to write about? I don't know how to write about like Things I don't know. Yeah, so everything's pretty heartfelt. I guess that's kind of that's the kind of music I write so you and was she bitching and kind of thing last seven. 7 represent venison Anchorage Yeah, we can get some eggs and letters love you all was good time. And I was good at Dimond High links baby use your voice in school to be cooler in school. We had kids like that in our school who could sing in American Idol, I didn't like use it till you're more popular than not though. I wouldn't I mean I was in high school where I was like part of a bunch of groups like the guy that yeah. Yeah. I was like one of those one of those guys I had my core group, but then I was also like just jumping around jocks and all that. I was not allowed in the movie mode. They were you always in the front of the line forever like in the car in front of me while your window down real quick. Say I didn't know that they know better. They know better. Oh, well. Is it okay to continue a little bit so you talk about this outside before how there was a moment about a year-and-a-half ago? Yes where you realized? And I think it's because of a break-up. Oh, I really needed to decide what I want to do with my life. Yeah. I mean more or less. It was like it's not necessarily what I wanted to do with my life, but knowing what I need to do and assessing like my life at the moment was like, oh, I mean, yeah falling off. Yeah, but I like to know that you did not do anything and you're in this position in your career right now because you have not done the things necessary to keep it going and at that moment I was like, okay, you know after The Break-Up, okay. I'm after a long after a long relationship is like 5 and 1/2 years, you know, you kind of become co-dependent at a point, right? Okay. I don't know how to function by myself. But then I was like I can either just quit. I remember there was a part of me was at home. I got to move back home to last. I actually thought about it for a little bit like a good week and I was like, so that was the moment although okay. I can either do that or I can be here and to start creating and start making music in and from that moment on I haven't looked back and it's been great. So you're like, I just all recently posted while you have like, I forget what number it was with like over a million Spotify was a place or secure like I always do like a year wrap up. Well, it's crazy cuz on Spotify specifically it was like when I first started the first year, I think I may be only had 40. I have the stupid thing where I didn't upload my music I can literally has not been on Spotify or anything for the past 10 years. Wow. Yeah. I was late. You're dumb. I missed all the bag. By chance you missed whatever Choice tendon now, you're on Spotify. Yeah, I remember when I first started it's tripled since the since the year and a half ago so good. I mean, yeah, and I actually I just recently put out a EP 2. So if y'all want to check out Shameless plug got out we started I wasn't asking about that actually so named ADP, it's your last the fifth song on that. There's five songs of what we started what we started and you named it that I really like the one right before the 4th. What was the fourth one? I think that was either was it I think it's a great escape know it's there that I think is Great Escape familiar. Great Escape what we started and then that's the name of your album and I was wondering like why don't they just put the best song named The Best Song after the apple and put it first so everybody knows that all this is the one everybody knows and I was wondering like who died you decide on what the name and what's the name of the album is for one and then why do you put it last August last makes more sense, but sometimes it's like in the middle of the album. I mean for me specifically what we started actually what we started was. I broke that like 5 years ago a long time man shot at the Jessie J birthday help me up with this project together. And as far as like picking this the name of the project, I'll just like if I felt fitting what we started to seem like something that spoke to me, you know, what where where I've been going where I came from and where I'm going to go and I just wanted to pay homage to that. So what we started kind of felt like that also this project Is kind of like a bunch of my influences in one thing. So like design like the first opening track is like it's very different from you. But it's also very like JT like Justin Timberlake NSYNC very pop. So that's something I love that group on that but then you also have great escape which is very kind of like Latin R&B and I also that reminds me of like early 2000 R&B which is like, um, there's an Usher song that called. How do I say that's super inspired that and then you have what we started the the title track which is kind of kind of like a drake feel the way the beat the beat is. Yeah. That's how I that's that's why I chose that at the title. But as far as the order kind of just see how the flow was crazy. I always wondered that because a lot of times every artist they like name their album something and it's not necessary the one that's the hit. Yeah, I just did as a floaty thing cuz my thing I was like, okay, how do I want to capture some of the year that got it and then I put design in the front cuz like what's that beat hit you like? Okay. Alright. Well get what do you follow on Spotify? You can add my songs to playlist you can follow or something at a song to a playlist and or buy an iTunes. I'm sure they're all streaming a digital platform before he is one of the best vocalist that I know personally know but I mean Ryan I won't say that you guys haven't hung out in like a long time like a couple years or so and then the one night you came back and we're all just chilling and then you left after it runs like damn I missed you or the boys. I think by tomorrow is all the time. I took it for granted. Like you like get so used to it and just like when you were here for a long time in your life Issaquah. This sounds like a track so like I mean, I think if you haven't heard you before I go check him out at you would not I guess you kind of just heard him sing the shoe. Do not base that. What's a perfect representation music? No, that would be super awkward. What was like, okay. Okay get it. But that's okay listen in and out of nowhere. You just say hi like no and it's not coming from me not to be crazy actually hold him any more crazy or crazier. Dude, I bet you, he does that dude Crystal Sister Bay WI the other part of you too bright for sure going to see that is an option on YouTube. Dissection premium that would be a very welcome a target targeted playlist of just very disturbing that like that's kind of like like memory eBaumsWorld or really really like damn I can't believe I just saw that on that note dude. It's good to see you again, man. So, you know you have any a plug that you want to do one more time album EP what we started you have any shows if you're in Vegas, I'll probably be sure. I'm going to be throwing a show on April 5th to follow me on my Instagram or Twitter. It's jr-aquino-by-chance right there. And yeah, I mean, other than that, that's it man. All right. Well again follow us at off the pill on Twitter and a topical we going to make it so it's the same thing. You should message does not have the off the off the pill is just Twitter at off the pill on Twitter at off the pill podcast on Instagram who has it on there. Anyway that we have a shirt to now for those that are just listening you won't know but whom have off the pill shares just shouted that out. There's another one, but I don't Don't have that. I have the right size. Anyway, yes. Once again, thanks for tuning in to the off the pill podcast. I don't know if you see how we end these but we just breathe into the mic. No, not yet next podcast. I'm done or what you guys are so great this time around. So many / anyway, let's blow this out and then we can go eat. Your music, I you know, this is bad for the mic, right? Yeah. No, I don't know this. anyway, don't