It's incredible cuz that's why I cry started my entire career. And now I'm back on as a judge judging people in there, but nice. I mean, this is like a BDC America's Best Dance Crew, but this is not to let me that show has been going before a VDC and it's still going on. It's a it's a 16 season. Is it a big deal to not to say that a BDC wasn't shouldn't be there.Ed I don't know it's like a every time I want like I'm there and I'm judging them. I just remember their position. So it's like almost like a real live in the moment is pretty cool. It's way easier and you get paid more on that side and you do the other side when you're allowed to say that more than the contestants. Well, that's good to know. I mean, is it per episode or just in total do any other job? Are you going to continue doing that or if they continue which is another reason why I like I said if they continue 16 seats sweet 16 9 p.m. EDT. Love you. Don't know cuz I didn't introduce you start off as a dancer rice and we met while you were on Quest Crew which is the ABDC winner America's Best Dance Crew winners. So You Think You Can Dance right let's go on anyway as a dancer turn YouTuber turn into a television star Turned into podcaster soon, you're doing a bunch of stuff. But I met Dom almost 10 years ago and stuff for our what is originally have that because right up like you made like agency agents of secret stuff. You literally asked me on the spot and I didn't take you serious when you're riding you had to have had someone know. I just thought it was a funny character isn't the bad guy who's like kind of crazy and it's not like the guy you just hate it's like, you know, he has jokes and stuff. We first met the day after you asked me like a you want my film agents Cedar stop. I literally thought you were playing I was like, come on man you playing I don't remember asking you. I mean it was like it was like being in a video right now remember asking me how it happened. But yeah, I mean and then you did it because of this man you had some dance stuff up already. I literally or mean like real stuff but you're the one that I agree with it. But what is the song in my head that I asked you take it serious? And then you just forget maybe it's alright. Alright. Alright. Los Angeles North Hollywood. Sorry to be exact Ryan goes. Hey, dude, you know about doing YouTube reminder at this point. I just finally made like six six figures from dancing so much. There ain't nothing and top that right. I love is like this is something I think I could do and he's like you should do YouTube and I was like, that's something I don't think I would want to do, you know, cuz your boys making some money and it goes is that the real reason why I know there was a big part of it like I'm able to make my own dance because I want to do is I'm going to show you my month of December is a 2009 this month of December to post I'm showing you this cuz this could be your future and I was like why why is your voice so deep and he's like, he's like her check it out. I was like three hundred racks. But he was like, I was like, oh shit Camp. Let me a camera I start making videos and I ended up instead of just do it with me. I know falling in love with the craft and that's the story. Yeah. You're right. I don't agree. I don't remember any of that. I remember Greg brought up like when you're asking about camera gear and he's like telling you to suck his gear for 1070. He was bitching. Riley whatever Ian said I was at yes, I will do it like you're you know, the master of your teaching me and he's like as you get it I can I use this one. So I just got a Canon 70 and I do not have turned on but you know Greg was really empty of that cuz he wanted a camera and you probably just dream it was his dream camera for us. He has his dream and then you come in with no experience and you buy his dream camera and that's why he was salty jealousy party for 1 grade. Wow, a lot of views with that camera. You started YouTube and you like a huge channel? Oh, yeah, that's cuz of Ryan. He just would like the videos back then and then my channel exploded and I yeah, thanks write your own thing. I mean you did your own thing and you built your kind of built your following but you also had that you were still in the dance Community like heavily in the Des community and that's why you got your TV show would not your show, but you judged on America's Best. Yeah, I don't know when they brought me in their life over bring you in to be a judge on America's Best Dance Crew because like we feel like your digital following is a big huge, you know Outlet not like again, that's because of Brian's basically my Jesus Christ. He saved me and a bird career what I see what I find amazing. What I find amazing is that you know, you're you're a Dancer by that's what you start off as in you're still known as a dancer you still in that community that you created such a Like a successful career centered around dancing and that's something that there's so many dancers in the world that wish they were in your position and can build what you've built for yourself. Like what how did you do that? Like, you know, what kind of mentality do you need to have your work ethic to build a career off Dancing of all things such a thrill questioning it. LOL have a low standard in the beginning your life and I feel like that that's a huge part. That's like kind of like real. That means it means like I think I grew up at such a low standard as far as like quality of life perspectives different but like not really having anything in the idea of like like a job of like a dream job at that time was probably something like a claims adjuster or something is equal to like what my family we grew up low and low standard. So I felt like because of that if I just keep like trying to surpass that then who knows what can happen so it's almost like I'm kind of climbing this ladder of like what the fuck is happening with my life and I'm just still going just because I didn't expect to get this when you say sorry that you didn't grow up with money or you just didn't Standard Furniture, what does that mean? Exactly. So the truth comes out. Alright, David you just you just trying to get to the Osborn and Sacramento, California my mom grew up in my mom at the time was on welfare states Dave and she would like, you know paper Subway just re-up. This is really real real story. I'm just being a character and I don't know what this character is. I never established his pain feeling the Holy Spirit to let me speak my apaga. So anyways So I don't like my mom did grow by I like we just grab strict on funds and I was just like the we just didn't have a lot and I just felt like dances 101 things. I think any especially Abbey boy at that time. Like we just got all types of paper from you know, everything is there was no literally like overall way to make money off of breaking and then they drop the show called so you can dance in 2005 and then act like literally just taken that opportunity and I just always showing up two opportunities, even if I felt like I wasn't ready I think was the one thing that helped develop everything. I have. You know that Ryan Higa. I mean, I do remember telling you to do YouTube and the reason was because your personality it wouldn't let me like obviously people there's dancers right and dancers. I mean, you know the biggest you can get to a certain degree without having you know, Brandon behind it is like a back backup dancer to like a really famous Justin Bieber somebody right? I don't know. I may be teaching but you kind of went with that route you went with your success with dancing. What do you use it to create dietrich's the personality and I mean, I think you're passionate project passionate, but it's more than just okay become a great dancer right overall. What is a question? Like, I mean, I think is it is it just what was it was more of a question. It was more of a statement of like why you are where you are because you didn't just follow the road. I'm just becoming a great dancer and then, you know teaching or becoming a backup dancer like you the reason why they picked you up. Did you built your personality and I think it's overall. It's like a a big part of it was gross. I think I think I've always been obsessed with there's like a really answer but like since the very beginning and to go to also answer you Ryan your statement Chicago back onto just answer both those things as I was obsessed with growth of like learning about whatever I was doing or if I start something new the growth of that and then with that just because I guess what the more you grow you are able to offer more stuff to this world and then if you're decent enough people just paid a douche it that's kind of the goal. Yeah, is it fair to say that you are obsessed with becoming better at whatever you try to do any creative. They just always feel like I'm just like I just need to keep getting better and you feel like that you did that with dance to Cuz there's so many young kids online small father killing it like 8 year old kids, right? Feelings for an eight-year-old. I feel like the beautiful thing about them is that they haven't gone through enough life stuff to realize the restrictions and fears that lifetime teaches you to be afraid to fail. You know, I'm saying so they're going to learn how to start something see the standard at an early age and then just go after that and then for me it's inspiring. I feel like it's like it's really really dope to see the kids picking up stuff and being pressured Masters. That is hella hella early assholes. And then and then you feel like you need to become better than them because we were talking about how you are obsessed with growth. And when you see young kids who are surpassing your skill sets, whatever you wish you had when you were that age. I still get down get down in my day. When I watch you to your master your master of your craft. There's not a lot of people in this world move like you do a replay of this, you know, your perspective as a master of your craft. It's been doing it for like over a decade and have you know, you're you're a judge on shows like When you see it, like do you feel like a little bit of competitiveness with these young kids like not that you're going to directly compete with them, but you don't like for me example as a musician when I see these young kids. I'm like damn. I wish I was as good and I still feel that now you want to talk about it. No, it is we're interviewing you not really just because for me I get excited about the future of the generation everything. I was like to help out on the shit that the dancers don't know about like how to monetize it a how to create a life longevity lifestyle of it or if you're young kid a big part of it is you have all the movement and I'm parked. I know you can vouch for this too is these kids haven't gone through enough like a life emotional shitzo, like really understand why you're dancing yet. Does that make sense meaning to the motion to be expressed a dance in a way that people can translate it that don't understand dance right Soffer for me. I would dance I always try to make Dan secondary. It's whatever I'm doing meaning like what is the message? I'm trying to to say, what is it that I can get the average person at home that doesn't care about dance to want to watch that or showcase at the other people don't care about dance. So what these young dancers is like they have all the amazing facilities. And it don't destroy me at my craft physically, but when it comes to emotion be able to tell story that's what I would love to help out for them. Cuz I feel like if I was that age and someone help me with that is you be like you're able to like almost get it even faster. Does that make sense? It's like a why but so how do you teach like you said they don't have the experience how you teach someone like that or what? Do you do? What it what you tell them? All I said was about like experiencing emotional beat the shit out of him. In the moment. Oh my God, there's so many references. No one's going to get music. I'm listening don't disrespect is trying to speak assholes. Go for her to go experience versus something that they just are just singing for example. For example you say to me. You made that song up right this so you guys if you guys want to play that you're going to have to pay me royalties royalties. Well, I mean this is how would you know this speaks to your find it really interesting your personality type though is like this is also what makes you great is that you you do always want to get better and that's why you got really good at dance and then you find something else that you really want to be good at like singing that you were trying to take you never really sang before but you've been taking like classify 8 months, right? Yeah, for example like our friendship right? I'm obsessed. Bring back what we had. You know, I feel like Ryan a feel like since the white CF day and you know, it wasn't it wasn't it wasn't you know, it was you know, but I feel like I want like a plant it was turning into a beautiful tree in the forest of great friendships. And I feel like we was Blossom in and then like if you were the water and I was the sun is like I want to be a better son for your water and I feel like we can build our treat a friendship again. So that being said, I studied a lot about friendships and stuff and wanting to throw those things and dog doesn't drink he's never drank before in his life. He doesn't know he's very clean. Have you ever done drugs before? Ryan artist me to Adderall side effects. So you just brought up why TF very quickly. There's a GFI. Can you tell us about your experience has had a blast of ytf. I think we all did it some certain point. It is ended kind of funky. You know, it was great. I think it was like we had an awesome run and I was like the first-of-its-kind and again, I got to praise Ryan because essentially Ryan put his brand his own personal brand aside for 6 friends. I'm pretty sure, like everybody did but I literally burst a lot of art are pushes and careers on YouTube and thanks man. Well, I mean she had a career you guys had careers. It's just weed together and helped everyone including myself. What do they call team 10 before that existed right? Let me we didn't do that. We live where everybody lives now in North Hollywood. You thought it was hard. I never thought it was there's a couple weird things do there's weird things in that building people who live there. Now you heard other stories, I mean our room and then Kevin Victor's room with each other bigger a haunting the Roku. Well, there's there's there's a lot of people living there now. But anyway, we kind of did that for certain degree? I don't think there was other groups before us know it would yeah, I thought it was the idea was there you guys ever bring it back ytf. I thought my I mean I've been down right? I don't even know what that means. It means yesterday today forever. I mean like just like what like touring I don't want to I don't want to work. What if we made it show we could do a show I could do want you to have to do it. But what if we made a legacy that we didn't really do that through So that was why she added you guys want to watch nothing. Cellular structure at the Duncan Santa Fe? It does listen is Paco's pursuing a career in comedy? So stand up so he's ever start with knock knock. Take that as a challenge. You have an Emmy you want an Emmy Niger you one of the very few you just wanted Emmy Award any award that kind of just sit there and develop dust. Okay, but did you ever dream of even winning one of these I did you actually see yourself 2016 that question won an Emmy and the hell no, like I don't even think that we thought that was possible when we're doing that show to be completely honest. So no, I never thought that it's crazy. Where is it? What do you do? Do you like basic or how amazing it is? They all kind of do the same thing and collect dust. I'm going to maybe I was able to charge a little bit more for teaching, but I don't know. It's just a resume thing. I guess that's what I mean. Like that's a real sound like you're getting like some random people still think it's that it's still connected. It's an Emmy, you know, you're right. I'm so much better than you guys you are in that respect for sure your fans know. Oh, yeah, I think so you have Filipino 68.7% on math and looking at my family. So yeah by things about that, but the rest is etika. Attica riots jokes, can you tell us more about passion 808? Is that a play on words for passionate? Oh my God. Thank you. You're the first one ever point that out. By the way, I was just wondering cuz it might not have been created company to essentially help the next generation of dancers are any dancers that feel like they want to get like a level up their careers not just like physically but mentally they can have the same type of Al come that I feel like I was lucky and grateful not to have that. I didn't expect I was going to have to get passionate. Com. That's it. Com just a slash right now. I don't really I don't know those kids like changing the game and dance. So she's like literally to me. She's at what she's 16 now, but I've known her since she was started probably 9 or something, but we did the show called rolly rolly dance season 2 last season and she's on the team that got that one and her name is Logan shoes on the lab and I started to grow a bigger Logistics. Is there be a legal name and she is like completely blown up like crazy over this last year not just like industry-wise but asked like like beagle wise and like All Star Dance wise, but what was your question Paco what you been doing with project lately? Cuz I know that you guys just did a video together right now who you are, Thank you because it was her and I wrote the idea down and push it to her. I and I was like this is not going to happen unless it's you I was when I was creating. I just kept picturing her and she was down and trust me that piece and boom for me. I think is the best he's ever ever ever ever got to create up a date and I get hot is a big part of it is because she is so amazing. Then you can go check it out why no that was meaningful to you because you're the one who introduced me to Jessie J Wright all really that song before she became Jessie J the pop artist. She was listen to that same song and she seen who you are and like you would listen to that over and over and over to the one that I like memorized it right. So I knew that if you were going to do something but you're going to do anything it I would love to see the part where she yells out. So anyways, I knew it meant a lot to you because you never really did what you done some stuff to it, but you never really had the fact that you were going to Showcase that song. I hadn't meant a lot to you. Then you hung up how you felt about it as a beautiful song and the piece was about I think like young girls that struggle with what to post on Instagram at five people do this all the time and you will not just young girls. But I feel like young girls that I've heard about the street from her like in the lab like that's make me a people struggle with was like as a young girl. Like what do I produce that will maintain my I like self-love and like putting at risk for the idea of getting more likes or more followers. So I felt like if I was able to tell a story that can help them with that I'll be able to change license and Logan made it into life. So yeah, and I thought if I played the young girl It would be better and when it would take away from the song she was booked. Okay? Well, so you you're kind of on Heidi's right from posting YouTube videos. Obviously, you're doing a lot of other things passionate and then you're judging So You Think You Can Dance often do you shoot for that? I want to eat once a week between those working on music. Okay, so you're doing stuff. taking forever What is a mission like fucking suck it scene and I've always want to do a musical like a film music before so I figured I'd learn how to lease to Basics yet, so I can write it or not even me for other people but that's like a longevity dream lessons to vocal vocal lessons, right? I went to a guy named David Choi once and I was like, yo David keep singing me like I don't do that. I'll play piano already said that I didn't know I was supposed to work on your stuff together again David ready for you whenever you're ready. I'm ready now. I was waiting for the punchline timing music and you're working on white obviously doing the show you're doing are you still doing passion8? Yeah, we're doing next summer will end up being the next when we do a meeting or something. Oh, no, I mean like a basket basketball clinic you like going to learn for like a week and then do something again, Cole come and take the experience to cuz a big part of it is just like not still submitting but it's like having the right people that really want that and cuz it's like we going really deep as far as like the danceability selficide call. Need the business aspect of it and I think it's just it's it's for everybody said she ever all types of dancer like any but more important, like if people really want to live off this craft and I think this is by the best live Austin traffic dances the best and I guess Clinic here you can I fight you could take to really have that I'll come now and what better place than to learn from a master Pioneer his own career. You're so sweet. Thank you, man. I guess you think that of me but I don't really think I'm still learning. It's it's a fact about it, right you mastered the art of comedy and YouTube videos really at least the rest of us 2005 to 2010 YouTube comedy. Really? Maybe I mastered that you've also mastered the art of being humble. That is an art. Well, you know what we will be right back cuz I need to take a sheet break. So that's P for all the people don't know a to remember. And we're back. Do you think brands for this episode this episode of all off the pill is brought to you by a ninja milk and you can get your local mention milk online. We're going to leave a link in the description box below go get him right now. They're hot. I mean they're cold, but they're there their hot, you know, I didn't even ask him to do that. But thank you. You're welcome. I'm going to ask my for my check now. I will send it to you and I will send you some cases to the right address. What was the address again? 1281 258-5425 or give me a hard on yourself right now 27. That's my social security number. What is that is someone's real Social Security? So we recently had Bethany on the podcast. Yes. She was famous in her own right? A lot of questions are about that birthday course you remember? Yeah the bedroom that's creepy. It is now that we say it like this like if I were to show you guys wouldn't be as creepy. There's a reason for that. This is your chance to explain your side cuz we get our relationship or our best selves when we're coming from a place of plane and like having like a Fearless type of like attitude and state and we believe that those times when we are kids. So we always try to maintain like a childish like playful type of relationship. So I decided to make her childhood room. So if she ever felt like she needed to relive it or you don't be in that state or is that time of the month? She can go inside the room penguins at rule, 3r room and I just like, okay. I remember what it was like Let me know what's a good if the thought was there, right? I'm very proud of you and she still uses it for storage but it's yeah, it's storage. There's a lot of thought put into this you did a lot of research weather. Look for a TV VCR two-in-one right things to have that by the way for you guys watching this not knowing they have TVs at like a V8 like a VHS player a vcr and DVD player and I had a fight and it took forever and I would like the one thing I like cuz it's going to be hard to get but yeah, we found it Facebook Marketplace. Do you guys ever Argue about little things about like do you guys have argue or is it just yeah, we're not dating Jesus Christ. What do you guys disagree about are you know, it's like a common one and maybe she'll say something else but like a common thing we disagree about is how we're not enough for the other person like your own self feel like I'm not enough for her and she are you aware that she's on that for me. I will always want to be better for that person was more like an internal argument. That's out ternal. It's almost healthy. I mean it's better to have that better than the other way down. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, I blame a lot but I feel like that's why my past relationships didn't work out. you know, I'm speaking of which Ryan I feel like I feel like we came to a place in our relationship where I was blaming you a lot for the paint and I realize it was really just inside of me and I just want to say I'm so sorry callbacks write that down callbacks, but whether or not it stays in the video, it's up to you, but just call back. Start running Anythink. I think it's healthy to argue in any relationship. I think it's like a it's going to happen by think more importantly to know how it goes after that. And if you guys can grow from it is where the importances you guys hang out a lot. Yes, every every day or everyday humans are both busy people. So I want to use it because I heard you're saying it's beautiful right? It's really good super good and then she'll be like and then you think like you I must be really so I'm like damn I must really suck cuz you don't think she was just what she think about or what she say to you about this. Should I do that means you she likes it? Very supportive but in like I'm still new to it, right but overall it's probably really annoying for is like imagine if she was practicing her dancing. You be supportive. So as a dancer when someone's practicing in front of you and they're not very good. Does that annoy? You know, actually the thing with me is that I want to help the person get better, but I think that's what the problem is. That was singing I are like I want her to help me, but she doesn't Would you like her to save how we learn how to sing better? Did you ever ask her to help you? Easy, I don't know if it's bad. I think she's like always like Surprises tired of hearing me to be honest. What do you like most about her. I'm sure they're a lot of things but like inside her moral value and that's what brought me to her initially to is like this reduce amount of self-love that she had herself. I felt like a man. That's cool. That's like that's like a really cliche and deep but I love the fact that she turns me on that. She that she's confident in herself. She wants to be a better person constantly and I felt like I was back past relationships. I feel like in relationships in general in order to be a Best Buy person. Can I got to be your best self? Almost I get to be selfish to be selfless type of thing. So that that yeah, I think I think that she's bomb. Look at your boy get another one, but thank you going to have baby. It's really really love her and when she was talking about you she really loves you. I see you guys a great beautiful couple. Oh, wow. Thanks. I guess a question that I have since, you know, you came up from hard times and end at where you are. Now, maybe you can give advice to you know, your past self or even like other kids who are in this area that aren't may be able to get into passionate. They just you know, they're looking for like advice from somebody who's made it out of hard times of my past self. I tried to say continue. There right there a little bit of gingivitis self-definition write that down. Touch my baby feels like it's it's kind of like really really tough which I believe is tougher. Everybody has different types of how tough is I think the ability to play and look at everything is an opportunity instead of an obligation really helps a lot. I think with that growth and if you become obsessive about something like a craft and it it takes you away from like whatever pain could be. I keep investing in that and then also be okay with paying you no good. If I get the key ingredient to be able to heal it to be to be honest. I feel like if I had background music it would help a lot more we can start over. Hey y'all in town while I'm here to let you guys know that the only up is without down. There is no up and you will never understand that it's just it's just up. You have nothing to judges on So You got to think the Downs especially if you're thinking of us. Make sure you thumbs up this video. Characters you believe I like losing is important. I mean all you guys have done great things in your life and your careers for me. I've been I thought the one thing that's made my whole life Boswell's the idea of losing and failing. I saw it without it again. I don't think you would really understand what the other side is. It's kind of like heaven right the describe a Vanessa's place of like Perfection and then you really think about perfect in this world was perfect. How would you know what it is without having the opposite right? So there's like a beauty to the not being perfect Zuri was perfect then inhale it be perfectly dark. So you just buy call. I don't know what it's so I'm just there right so it's kind of like that. I just look at everything is like all the beauty behind the up is or one thing is the opposite of it cuz you would never know what that is. Deep #d do you believe there is a heaven? I believe this is heaven. especially Sitting with Three Angels, that's right. Even you park a whole or an angel write that down asshole. I don't know how much it is right now to make sure that you would want to ask like you guys questions cuz I don't know how you can ask him to conversations. Do you think there's a heaven David? I believe there's a heaven. I believe in in some form of it. I believe in the afterlife that I agree to something. I don't know what that's called. But I think there's something you're like agnostic not not believe there's something being so agnostic. I don't know man. It's weird. He's a pastor's kid in the early didn't you know at the age of 26 actually, that's early for me. I'm still waiting for Tatian in standard to which your childhood was. Was that like did you feel like you always have to live up to like what a pastor's son is supposed to be in a way actually learn more of how to act. Well, I'm staying away from you. Is there a fan UFC Wayne says asked would you rather know how you die or when you die and why? Neither, I mean you don't want to know because I'm excited for the surprise. Sure. Okay, brother know. Don't know when you're alive. Like right now it would you rather know like right now how you die or when but you're going to do it say it's like I'm going to die in 3 months versus I'm going to die by car crash which one it is when that more than you can do stuff yet. What would you do depends on the time? So if I would you still be judging and I'll do three months left and I would still finish this podcast. We made it on the list honesty, but I mean, it's interesting. That's what you guys do. I don't know. What I would want to do actually depends on the time. I feel like one of those like you're going to die at 178. I don't know it's just who I am. Okay, we're all the same board. Okay. Well next question from Thursday night. I wonder if I think she's our fan. Do you win Beth ever play pranks on each other know but I feel like maybe I want to start now. No, not really. But when you post on your Instagram account like it's not really a prank your she's kind of a dick is so funny. She knows about it. Yeah, yeah. He fakes pranks to prank next question see. Valerie. What's your favorite and least favorite about making choreography? The Fair Park would be able to. Produce a message. I feel like a lot of people that they can help a lot of people. Let's see in the worst part is probably like The self-doubt maybe that comes with making stuff like like if you're so protective over like if you have a good reason why and then like you become like a little bit like a man asked me like perfect and perfect. So I don't have those Much Anymore feels like Beyonce those two things. Do you feel like when you're creating choreography for yourself versus other people do you feel more of that pressure when performing it or it will not someone else is performing. I feel more pressure. If it's for me that I do for the other person cuz for me the other person's actually like easier and I get to see it or like with me. It's like I feel like I can't see myself doing it and I already feel whack for me would be just I hire to make it cuz it looks like I lost my ability sucks seeing to create around the what do you mean like right now? I used to be as far as what I can do create greeting choreography. Yeah, but it's like I feel like I'm more limited on what I can say with my body with other people will usually people I choose. It's like they have more to say I can get the message in my head that I want the world to know through their their yeah. Yeah. This is a question that I asked you about choreography and kind of your art. Thank you, but if you could only Choose one eye gets creative aspect and Outlet. What would you pick because you're you're actually so multi-talented singing I know but you do dance and you pretty much like I mean, what's the Hyatt what's higher than what you've done become the judge on the biggest and show there's any really higher than that, right? I don't know. Maybe I think so. I mean What what what I'm asking is if you're at that tear right like the highest year in my perspective. It's almost not as fun right because with singing it's more interesting because there's so much new things to learn and I feel like you just like learning so I just went back to Paco's question. What is what would you pick? I mean, would it still be dance shit if I had to choose right now probably choreographing cuz I feel like if it was like one thing that I can help more people with would probably quite a few pieces then making music. We're making people laugh. Is that make sense? So so fly right now the the choreographer like I never I kind of just fell into being a choreographer is nothing that I really took serious when I felt it kind of to be honest easy and I feel like because it's so easy. It's not as funny cuz I want to feel struggle when I make stuff. Is that make does that make sense? So I feel like I would help more people out that way. So I'll probably go that Okay. Well, I'm just curious as great like you need that struggle so that you don't feel like you've conquered it. Cuz once you've conquered it, then you're like I'm done. Yeah, and I feel like I mean, they're still like a struggle in creating and choreographing but it's a lot I think it's because I've been around so long. I've been doing it so long. I mean it's like, you know what you have to do and you know what you need to do and it's where is the like growth in it or like at one point in time? And again, I think you can consciously grow but you got to want to do that type of thing. So that's why I sing cuz you know when you're this bad you can just have you just keep going and then you know one day you won't be as bad. It's better if it was getting better. It is better than what I remember. Yes. It's a lot better. I have a question. I'm so as a dancer. You need to be in shape. I would assume Tupac. Do you feel like a dancer should workout do yoga that type of stuff for his dancing enough. Would you say you believe the lazy to eat shit the dancers now or crazy man, like they're like running every morning. They're their diets are freaking Stern their training mind and body. Are you learning from some of the greatest people of the world and a big part of it soon as that? They have the standard at their their Palm because of the phone, but I would recommend that especially if you're like going for it now known as like no matter what dance all you got to be like that every time it's in the Olympics. Be born in Breaking is now in the Olympics Junior and adult division. That's crazy. Right more like that. Unless you're be one more. So that is like over the years every sport to get better and better like someone just broke some kid just broke Michael phelps's records right like a bunch of his records and like kid. Yes, I'm kid in school or something like that and then like, you know compare basketball Now vs. Like 50 years ago or Michael Jordan, but like it's a whole nother level of like athleticism sprinting, you know, people used to run marathons in like an hour like slower. I don't know what they're making that up. Better at stuff and at what point I mean there's something there's the aspect that you have to offer is that there's it's not just physical right? I mean like improve with music of how like David loves real EDM in Suffolk that too but like like there's a difference between like the art of music and then the like formula formula basically. So what do you consider good? I think psychology is 80% I think physical abilities actually 22b, so your growth of mine and I think somebody always coming out right now is that there have a strong balance between mental growth on top of physical growth that thing with any crap you can tell a difference when someone's like like LeBron James, I think it's like a big obviously to his physical but his mind is like super like brilliant and he's able to take advantage of both those things cuz I think also to your body is secondary to your mind. I think your mind is the center point to operating your body. So I think is taking advantage of your brain. I think it was a huge part for me at least wife. Like I have a lot of a received a lot of outcome for a lot of things. I feel like I maybe didn't really deserve compare the person I was physically better than you used to say all the time. Like I'm not the best breaker. I'm not the best choreographer, but you were smart enough to combine the two and use it and use your personality to create the success you have. Oh, yeah. Now you're aware of that. That's what you did, right. Yeah, I guess that is very very important. If someone's not in a good mental state, or maybe they just broke up with someone you feel like when they dance it's different than if they were in a happy relationship to be different. It's just whether or not other people will enjoy it or if they'll enjoy it but I do believe it is different. I also believe that that type of pain used correctly will end up being something really brilliant. I'm cuz there's like a sense of like emotional high and I think with any High emotion, it's a lot easier to create with those types of things. I just because it's like you need to get it out like a must That's good advice again anything you want to plug out there other than your TV show that you're currently on So You Think You Can Dance tonight 9 p.m. Or 9 p.m. Mondays on Fox etpt that show TV show. And what else are you doing? Are you going are you going to post again soon as last Sunday. Com TRX at off the pill on Twitter at off the pill podcast on Instagram and basically how we end this is we just breathe into the mic in 3 2 1 a bunch of Sommer Ray voice on that to their summer sausage Oh my God.