You didn't do anything today. So we are like I said, we are here with Beth and thank you for being here. We didn't know you were so close. Yeah, we are what we just talked about before we start rolling made for her. So I know something for some of the audience that doesn't know who you are maybe so who are you? I am Bethany Mota. I am a YouTuber. I've been making videos for gosh like 10. Wow, and I do other things like music and designing and just a lot of different things and mainly I just do Social Media stuff, soAre you still working you were working with? Not Abercrombie. We just said Aeropostale. Are you are you still working with them or no? Cuz I've done a few years in really really cool. I just I felt very out of place because I was suddenly thrown in with all these like legit fashion designers to like help me put this collection together and I was like, it did really well. It did better than I could have ever expected. But yeah, it was definitely like crazy that I was like 18 at the time. Was it on the 5th. That's when I met you. I think right in Japan that time I think maybe later before that was awhile ago or something at 16 Squid Ink. Remember Black Sabbath rat face really picky remember that terrified it was pretty mad. How did the Aeropostale like thinking about him kind of interested in all that kind of came about today just reach out to you randomly or I didn't think anything was really going to come of it. And we basically just did a few meet-and-greets like in New York and they were like what we want to work with you more. So I basically like picked a few items from their existing line and like put that out as like these are my top picks and then those kind of all sold out and then they decided they want to do like a full-on like partnership. So I launched the Bethany Mota clothing brand Under them and Toes in all of their stores and online and it was really successful. It was just really fun also to like actually design and have something out there that ever I was like could actually have and where and yeah, it was a crazy experience. I think I might have been 17 or 18 when that happened just over two young cuz you're working with a bunch of adults because I'm older now. I mean, I'm still young but it's like I'm more aware of what was actually happening and I feel like because it all happened so quick and because I got into it so young. I didn't really know what was going on almost like not saved and appreciate it. But kind of kind of like I just was so unaware of like how like one of a kind that was because it was right the first to get a major that's a major brand like it said I think right That's a major brand for YouTubers back. Then we weren't getting those kind of deals now maybe back then it was a big deal. But are you still so you're not working with them anymore? But are you still doing are you still doing Fashions related things? Right? But not like developing clothing. I mean, it's something that I definitely want to do more in the future, but I think it just be much different than it was back then because I was obviously a lot younger. So I think anything I put out now is just going to be like a little older but I haven't been designing. I just been like like I still do fashion-related content, but just not like designing clothes. That's your main focus of the back to making more videos cuz you did take a break for a bit. I took a lot of little breaks and then I took a pretty big break most recently and I think it was just like it started probably end of 2014 when I was kind of like I am so burnt out. On this thing cuz I was going hard for years and I honestly had no social life. Like I didn't have any friends. I was also home-schooled when I started making videos. So getting into it when I first started first couple years, it was like three videos a week and no one on my team. So it's just me filming editing everything and I didn't socialize at all if you are home-schooled, how did you like come across YouTube and knowing that you could make videos and stuff like that. I feel like I was more aware of it because I was home all the time and harvest like always online and then I stumbled across it. I feel like actually if I was in public school at the time, I probably wouldn't have cared as much about it and definitely would have made videos and he was just because I was just bored and so I started watching them and then decide to make them also being so shy growing up. I think if I was in public school, there's no way I would have even Started to channel but it was because I felt like I was kind of like hiding in a way and then this is like me being able to talk to the world from like my own room back in the day, especially like I don't know if this is true or not, but I feel like a lot of the older YouTubers people to start a long time ago were more like shy and introverted people who found the space to express themselves and it's kind of changed to like the opposite noticed that I think they're back. Then there was a lot of it was mostly I think introverted people that felt like this was kind of their only Outlet to actually Express themselves in ways that they would never do in front of people and then now it's want to say it but it sounds like it was like the losers the loser kids who are kind of on it and it kind of made it big and then all the cool kids are here, you know, like the Logan Paul's are like tall buff looking good looking dudes in like You know, we weren't that big fat but not the cool kids took over. Do you feel like it it kind of helped your person like to help develop your personality absolutely like even comparing then to now my first video. I was so awkward. I mean, I'm still awkward but back then it was so bad, but I was whispering in the video cuz I didn't want anyone to hear me talk like in my house. And then I also was wearing glasses back then cuz I was too afraid to wear contacts. So every video I'd have to like take my glasses off and just be like School win team just like it look in the viewfinder in like see what was going on. So awkward and so scared don't you think that's what made you lovable though? Like two people who really like love you and I like, oh my God, I relate cuz I think it's like why we watch people like we watch certain people that we kind of see ourselves in so I feel like a lot of girls that were my age could relate to so much of what was going on with me back then cuz I was just Really trying to figure it out. It's kind of all over the place getting back to the just cuz I brought it up earlier but didn't continue about the story that you were telling us about the Dom. So you're dating D-Trix. It's not a secret for a long time to La for like a few years. But yeah, so dumb D-Trix is currently which was he on So You Think You Can Dance to think you dance so he was going to be here, but you'll be here another time. He said Well, I I don't know how that story can basically the night that you had your ninja milk release party Dom held a small little get-together like a barbecue at his house. And so like a lot of the rhpc guys went and we kind of like hanging out. He showed us around and he's like, yeah, you guys want to see this this room I made for bed and really need a room. He made a rub. What was the occasion that you take it away cuz you know this best so basically John Mayer room for me. It was for Christmas because we have this rule with like any gifts that we give weather is like birthday or Christmas that we have to make them and I can't be like store bought. So I made him like this light-up sign my like use power tools for the first time was really proud of myself, but he made me this room. That was basically he recreated my childhood room. It's so he did all this research apparently like looking at what my room looks like in like watch all of my old videos when I had like hot pink walls. So he painted this wall hot pink and then created this like Stitch mural cuz Lilo & Stitch is like my favorite Disney movie and then he had these pictures of me. I like walk in and the first thing I see are these letters at the top of the window that just a little Beth and then there's like all of these pictures of me as a baby but he photoshopped himself into them. It's like Usher's little babies together. That's a dog that it is. Totally I was honestly in tears cuz I was like, this is the most thoughtful thing. Anyone has ever done. Is it creepy a little bit. But yeah, so and then he like screenshotted like a picture. Like a screenshot from my Draw My Life video and framed it which was really cute. They're just like pictures of my family everywhere and then my two childhood crushes, which we're Dylan and Cole Sprouse for like a brewery. Yeah, one of them like Works in a brewery has like likes Disney or they from Disney. I don't remember Ashley Tisdale generation iPad 9 years ago. Yeah. Well, I mean that's like super thoughtful and yeah, it's a really really cute room that you got like this old TV would like to speak VHS tapes. So it was really really sweet. I was crying. How long have you guys been dating? We specifically two years. We met three years ago, and then we dated for like almost a year and then broke up for like 6 months and then got back together now. It's been like a little over a year since we got back together super in love. nothing to say by grouping family has not really touchy feely when I see you guys together. I mean, I don't be a loving person. 60. You guys came here. I don't know if you guys were together or not, but I know dumb came here as well to work with David. We did one song you guys made a song that won the super sweet song and I mean I was I've always told about this but I think you know, she's one of the most underrated singers on YouTube. I think she could have done music if she didn't do Beauty but you're doing that right now, right? Yeah a little bit. I think it's just one of those things that I've dabbled in so much and I really want to do but it's like I'll do it. I like I put on a song like 5 years ago or something and then as I got to know it's time just so unsure and also I just want to Like I know it's one that it's one of those things are like almost waiting for the right time. But I also kind of want to perfect it more before I start putting it out cuz I just always want to give people something that I feel is of substance in that I'm proud of and if I feel like it's not really there for me then I don't really want to share it and then now it's just I'm a podcast so he's giving us stuff out there now, but I wanted to be able to just do things that are like, I don't know free not having like so much thought into every single thing but I still want to do those things as well. And I feel like you're the same way but like what is your main focus right now cuz you do so many things that you're doing your videos, you know, like you said you were doing the in the clothing the fashion thing and then you sing when she trying to dance to for a little bit obviously you learning dance. You're not living with Don but did you guys are dating because all he does is dance at every moment if he will be in the car here just start like no, I haven't really been dancing. You would think like we don't really dance together. He's actually taught me a few things and he says he's like choreographed little things for us that we never like finish. The dancing is something that I kind of really only went for with Dancing with the Stars. Like that was the most I've ever really pursued that I kind of wanted to pursue a little more after the fact but yeah, I don't know I think it was fun, but it's actually not something that I see myself doing like it being amazing. You are a dancer from that. I mean, you're pretty good. I mean I took dance classes growing up and then once I got the offer for Dancing With the Stars, I was like I really want to do it cuz dance is always something that I really enjoyed but just never We went for and yeah, I think I definitely surprised myself. Maybe is also just like having such a good teacher but I've definitely found myself doing things that I didn't know I could do especially cuz it's so many different styles. It's like every week it's like you'll have salsa. Then you'll have like jive's then you'll have like contemporary and so I just became more aware of my body, which is really cool. But yeah, I think I kind of fell in love with dance a little bit during that show. It's just something that is kind of cool to have like, I think I could incorporate it into certain things in the future but definitely wouldn't be like my main thing. How long ago was that when you were on that show that was 2014. I think would you say that your your excitement about dance got you more interested in Dawn that was about the time right now. Thought about that. I don't think so. Maybe maybe it was like a subconscious. Like wow. I'm really loving dance and here's your answer. That's actually what made us like come together. Yeah, cuz it was it like a YouTube YouTube Creator Summit like one of the After parties and I was just really into like anytime. I would be at an after-party or anything. I'd always be salsa dancing. I don't really know how to do it, but I enjoy it and so I just remember there was like this crowd of people and was a coup here is going to salsa dance with me tonight and I kind of knew said that no, I just thought it I thought that every time I would like to go to a party here looks like they would salsa dance with me the dancer obviously until we just started salsa dancing and then we just like dance the whole night instant attraction. That was actually the first time that I Was like, oh he's cute because I met him before that at the Tony Robbins conference and I just seems like cool cuz I got a cool cool, but it wasn't really into it. See the skills. I didn't see the scales for lunch. I saw those moves. I was like, I don't know what it is, but it is attractive attractive when someone knows how to move their body. Well dance is how's that working? Not anymore? I used to break dancer. I guess Dom's well-versed in indents. I was buried at all. I'm the worst answer. I'm too stiff. Like I look another freaking like I'm sure it will seem like you're actually a good singer and David doesn't just give out compliments. He's very blood actually borderline mean to people that don't know how David is like you don't tell me you're not talented yet, unless you unless you really are but he does tell I've asked you before it goes like can everyone sing. And what was your answer to that? All honesty you want me to be honest rap you be completely honest can anyone sing or learn to sing? Yes. Yes, they can learn to sing but can it and I do believe some people are born with natural talent and some people never have never even if they learn they won't have that. I think we're that but with Dennis Dillon are that bull with dance? That's all I'm saying. Like you look like a dancer when you dance a dance when he dances the wind David and I dance where that where those people who just can't wait. I think I can work on it. I think you could know what I'm saying is you can learn but you'll never be never look. I'll never be a D-Trix the great singers that it's natural someone who worked really hard could never like a chain that sort of. So, I think that they're come down to just their natural speaking voice. That sounds better. It's about the speaking voice for me. I think it's more about like the way that I would explain is you find young kids who are amazing singer, right you guys agree with that? Like he liked turn on news TV shows. They're naturally gifted. They did not learn how to do that because they were taught they were just born that way and I think there are a lot of people like that in many different feels like including dad's singing or intelligence, right? I think like there are people who are born with it, but then I do think that you could work on Anything you can get good to a certain point but I don't know if you could achieve greatness that makes sense. I think it's true is just like being good at basketball. Right? Like I could be like I can work my ass off and I'll still be 5/8 and never in the NBA and even there are five eight players shorter people who can dunk. I think no matter how much I would have work on it that I can do. There is a basketball game that Ryan and I are playing and nose right after the game where kind of sitting down just like relaxing and then just one Asian kid just like on the ball ran up and dumped and he was like a little bit shorter. And the first thing me and Ryan did was we stood up everything but like that's what I think so I mean Why did I bring that up music for dance like you could dance because that's kind of natural for you. I was saying like no matter how much David and I trained whenever we could get good till the point Arc app. I think I get it. Yeah, but you have like this hi cap for like dance and singing and I don't know a bunch of things that you can choose which one I would never do that. She has put it that way. That's what the Stars never do it never. There's got to be some great incentive for me to embarrass myself that way isn't it? Another route is like you are very kind of introverted kid. It sounds like a but you have all these natural talents within you that what do you kind of always just know was there or was it just seems interesting and you pick it up very easily. Like with the singing I feel like I was always singing when I was younger and I just remember I remember like getting mad when people in the car would sing with me and they were like off key and an eight-year-old me I was just so mad about that. That means you have really good and in like I think I mean, this is a question. I asked a lot of musicians and singers is who in your family is musically gifted so usually when I ask my musician friends either their mom, dad both Grandpa Grandma, it's always like that. So I was wondering if if that applies to you as well, maybe an uncle or not. So I gifted in actually a lot of my mom is and my grandpa and then a lot of my cousins is a mom said my mom side. Yeah. Yeah, so it's true. My theory is still correct see it. So it is something your kind of born with and I is coming to a certain degree. It's got to be genetic, right? like it's in your genes because I mean I going to sound bad but like you're certain ethnicities that are like my majority of that ethnicity can sing. You know, I mean, I got the Filipinos a lot of Filipinos a lot like black people most of them. I know can at least sound better than your average person. I don't know if it's true or not. I might be making stuff up but no black people. I know are all at least someone other than boys are like they can actually sing or something as a musician. I will verify that okay, so I'm not being generally speaking the darker you I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. I think it's maybe the their vocal cords. There's a racist on it, but it's a it's a Greek. You know after he marries work or not rates, they say that I'm so bad and they singing I'm like so glad you're such a liar. Like you just all really good at singing cap for that right? They could learn to sing right sucks being Filipino and not being able to sing because I have you tried. Yeah, let's hear some questions. very good question Okay. Well now we know so you're going to be a singer dancer. You're basically made to be a popstar. You got the fashion a little bit of everything. What is like not joking around? What is your next thing you want to do? I mean honestly though. Just recently started taking more seriously, and I think it's because I've been so scared with it for so long that I just kind of have been diving deeper into it recently. And yeah, so definitely music stuff and then just kind of getting back into YouTube again. I think that I needed to take a break to kind of just reset and I think I felt this almost this pressure of also who people kind of perceived me to be for so long, especially getting into it. So young that was kind of one of the biggest challenges they faced was as I got older was kind of breaking from these ideas of how people saw me which I definitely I was never fake like that was 100% me at the time but then as I started getting older and then I did start having more social life and did start like kind of exploring myself more. It didn't necessarily add up with what people were used to sing. So yeah, I just kind of needed time to take a break from all of that and it's kind of like what you said is like I want that kind of Freedom back of not feeling so much pressure of everything that I post has to be like the most perfect thing in the world and just the fact that I could actually just post is enough. And as long as I actually enjoyed it, that's more than that cuz I definitely got to a point where I wasn't enjoying it and it was just a big stress ball. I definitely have seen your Vlogs. This is like a while back but just like knowing you outside of YouTube cuz I met you before I seen your videos and I wanted to check out your videos. I don't like all that interesting or a lot more. You know, like like myself a lot more like energetic and you would be like talking here and it is hiring and especially we're getting older since you started at basically one of those you like one of those Disney kids, right who was trapped in the same. Like I know when you're trapped into this thing you just it's it's exhausting as you grow up everybody grows up and to certain degree you just you need to have that switch and people are going to like it but it has to happen if you Miley Cyrus networks. Yeah. Well, we are at the break part of our show, so I guess we'll be right back. And we're back before we get back. Actually, I forgot in the beginning of the episode. But thank you and Charles to Road for these Mike's cuz they gave it to us for free in the road cast on the road Caster. So again, thank you to Road for all your needs for things that are audio. You don't know is it is it just audio Road? There's a lot on audio out of for your audio needs like a state road take the high road. They could use that they don't want to use that. All right. Now, we're really back. Okay, do we want to start with X? We have a we don't always get a lot of questions from people. But when we put out your name is and you're going to in the podcast. We got a lot of questions. So we want to go through some of those. Yeah, we have even know that you started up again. So I think they're kind of curious about what you're doing. Yeah. We got one here. What have you been doing? Since not posting videos where we can take that to is a lot of YouTubers or even content creators have been taking breaks lately. They've been saying like, you know, I've been getting burnt out. I need to take care of my mental health and stuff and maybe this is something that you Vibe with and that that's something that you felt the time or maybe you feel a little differently. So maybe we can I get an idea and I pick your brain about that. Kind of why you know, you took a break and what are you been doing? I mean, I feel like the YouTuber break thing has definitely become like a thing for a lot of people especially in the past like 2 years a it's almost like when I first saw the other people are doing it it was kind of comforting so it's okay. I'm not the only one that's like experiencing this and having the same feelings. Cuz when it happened to me, I feel like no one had ever talked about that at that point or at least I had never heard anyone talk about that. And so I felt like is something going on with me that that like I'm suddenly feeling all of this stuff like mentally with my craft and yeah, cuz when it first happened to me it was I think I didn't realize that maybe I needed to take a break but it's been incredibly helpful for me. I think just to kind of distance myself a little bit and work on myself because for me at least I feel like I do. So in it that I completely a little bit like kind of lost a part of me and I wasn't keeping up with myself. So I wasn't like my full self for my audience and I feel like they definitely saw that and yeah, so I think when I first noticed it was like 2014-2015 when I was just like I need to like step away and even doing that was so hard because people want things like all the time and it was really hard to kind of step away from that and I feel like a lot of people were confused cuz I never really liked old people why I took a break, but it was kind of just what I needed to do for my own mental health and just kind of checking in with myself and and just kind of like reconnecting with the world a little bit and appreciating things outside of social media that helps so much cuz I used to find myself almost like getting anxious if I was like if I was somewhere really cool and experiencing something it's feeling this knee. To have to post about it. And if I didn't I felt like dang it. I didn't do that and I'd be upset about it and like who am I getting upset that I didn't show this to everybody and I could have had an amazing time but I didn't because I was so worried about posting and I think everyone can relate to that even you know, people like girls who are worried about impressing a guy. It's like, oh I didn't post this thing that I went to this party. So I'm so mad about that instead of just literally enjoying it and not worrying about having to post it cuz it just kind of takes you out of the moment. So that was one of the most valuable things I've learned is to actually just kind of enjoy life and now it's easier to kind of get back into it because I feel much more myself than I was what are some other ways that you could you said you were working on yourself outside of your creating creating YouTube videos, like what what were some other things that you did for yourself besides not posting on social media It's an activities or like what what is that means you like to hear that you're working on yourself in a break even like some people may go out to a Meditation Retreat. You're not some people may just focus on a relationship or some people may go travelling like what or maybe do nothing right? Like what what are some things that you you did to me to get to that place where you feel free? I definitely didn't go in any Retreats. Yeah. I feel like I didn't do any of that like meditation which meditation is great and I've tried it and it's cool. I just didn't really do any of that stuff. I feel like I just more so dove into myself and ask myself questions about like Kind of where I was at with myself and how I felt about myself and then I started to realize that also because I started making videos so young. I think I I know at one point I felt this pressure of like my parents on my body at one point because like everything that I do is feel like it's always been to like fashion in that kind of focused. So obviously like my parents was a part of that and I think that I let that stuff kind of tarnish my view of my like self that makes sense. So I kind of did a lot of like almost just like kind of doing like, I don't know how to explain it more. So just like thinking about it and and understanding myself and what made me kind of get farther away from myself and I kind of had a love myself again and love myself more than I ever had before which then I think it comes into like a whole other thing. It's not even about YouTube as much that's just kind of like life stuff that I think everybody on some level at some point in life experiences. It's like I feel like I didn't fully love myself at that point and then kind of feeling like I had to please everybody at that point in my life wasn't helping the fact that I wasn't really loving myself. And so I needed to step away from everything to figure out how to get that love back for myself and it just came down to honestly what helps me is like being a kid again and like just being curious about life in a way that I feel like I kind of got jaded to a lot of things in life kind of what I was saying earlier when I was younger. I didn't realize what was going on to the point that it was happening so much that I think I failed to even be as grateful as I could have been and that was one of the most valuable things that I've learned in like the past few years and during taking a break is just how to be amazed by life again and be excited about living I think a lot of people were in the beauty space in particular, you know beauty is all about kind of like an outward. Apparently your outward appearance, right if you break down Beauty in in The Superficial form, but you know, it's going back to what you said about rediscovering yourself and figuring out like who am I first before I can start putting on the makeup and outfits, right? I think it's it's pretty interesting that you brought that has never thought of it that way and I think that's good for other creators to hear like you said at the time I guess 2014-15. You said you tried to get break and it wasn't the same thing as like this passing it right where every few here everybody's like on burnt out. I need to take a break. It definitely must have been hard to have to like you had so much success and so much momentum that It's not an easy thing. I like even even now for me. This is like my version of a break and I'm still doing stuff. It's I can't even imagine like I just just getting myself to this point was so difficult. Like, how did you how did you convince yourself to be? Like? Okay. This is the best decision for my life to take a break when you have all this momentum going for you. You have a successful Channel that's bringing revenue and you know at any point if you do stop you, you're still have your hardcore fans, but you do know if you do stop there's a most YouTubers know that that's like deadly to your career, right? So, how did you get to the point where you convince yourself or where you at a breaking point where you just said I have to do it. It was kind of both cuz I think that I was continuing to try to put stuff out when I was already feeling that way and I just felt like it wasn't as good as it could have been if I was like in a better place. So I knew for that reason that I probably needed to like take a break and it was really hard to step away. But I think it was a bit of a feeling of just like I'd know that I could be happier. And I know that I could be in a better place. So maybe I just need to to listen to how I feel right now and take the action that I need to and also is like I feel like at the end of the day. I don't really have anything to lose because as long as it's so it's like I'm so happy with life in a way that I like wasn't back then and so I wouldn't change any of that and I knew that obviously it was going to change things if I wasn't uploading as consistently especially if like, they're people girls my same age that are posting exactly what I'm posting that are more consistent than me. Obviously if I'm not keeping up with that then people would prefer to watch them but I think was just learning to be okay with that and not letting that it was almost more of an ego thing and I feel like once I let once I kind of understood my ego and I was able to control that it helped so much cuz I was like I had these fears that didn't even really exist but it was only because of my eco of like other people surpassing you like the girls your age and stuff like that. Yeah, okay, that makes sense. That is a tough thing to do. I don't think necessarily if you haven't really been a Creator it's hard to explain that fear. A lot of people when you tell them all I'm burnt out or like recently like lily as mentioned. In other YouTubers have came on and said we know what they're burnt out. They got to take a break. I see all these comments are like, oh wow must be tough being a millionaire who's famous and they don't really understand. You know, our or they think it's a lot easier to do what we do even if it wasn't easy though. It's like everybody knows themselves better than anyone else. Right? So I think that part of it for other creatures that I think they understand. Like that's everybody can burn out for people who don't have these kind of war in these lucky fortunate situations where some people just can't take those brakes. Would you say that to those people? I mean, I mean, it's hard that I know it's not enough money on the spot cuz I I try and think about that too because I I understand what you're saying. But I feel like it's hard for me to preach that to people who can't afford to like, my job is too much. I'm burnt out I need this job, but I have to do it. How would we I'm just trying to see for myself. How do you reach out to those people and give him the same advice? Absolutely. Everyone can do it to be completely honest. I think that it's I don't think I really what I did in my situation is I completely swept away but I don't think that I really had to do that. I think that they're definitely was ways for me to continue what I was doing while being smart in accomplishing what I did in the past few years as far as like myself personal growth. I think I could have done that simultaneously while staying consistent but I didn't do that. I think it's because I was just so in fear I was so afraid and so confused that I just wanted to completely shut it all off but I don't think that was really necessary. I think that's what I felt that I needed to do because I look back on it. And and yes, I did take that break but part of me is like, you know, maybe I should have just at least stayed a little more consistent and and worked on myself. So I think there's a lot that you can do. Even if you can't just completely stutter away. Yeah, I think it's what I found to be the most valuable is literally just being able to be honest with myself and Feed just transparent about where I am personally and just really diving into yourself and that's kind of the part that can be hard for people to is, you know, it's it's being open with yourself about like what your fears are what you're afraid of what it is cuz I think also the biggest problem is that I didn't want to admit that it was my ego and I think I could have figured all that out while still being consistent. I just kind of kept away. That's what is your circle look like your circle of friends. I know you worked with your dad in pretty integral in your career. Like did you have friends too kind of like help you get through this? I know you're dating dog, but it was anybody else in your circle, or was it your family that kind of help you come to this realization and kind of eliminating your ego surrounding myself with friends as helpful, and I've done that. It's also nice just to like like I said just be more in the moment with people because I feel like I wasn't always the best doing that. So yeah, definitely just making more time for friends and my family is always been really supportive. My dad is been there since the first video. So I always like go to him for that kind of stuff as well. Cuz he's always very encouraging and also can helps me remember like why I started doing it all in the first place and it wasn't for obviously like we didn't know that any of the success is even possible at that point like back then it's like we didn't even know that you could make a career out of it. And so he always kind of reminds me of that like the little me that started it. So when you started how do you balance the your dad like the relationship between your dad as someone is integrating your business and then also your dad like it's kind of a little Weird, right? I mean, yeah, I think it was definitely it was definitely more challenging when we live together because it was hard to separate the two but once I kind of moved out and like had my own place and all of that it honestly got way easier. I think there's something about it's like I don't really want to talk about business over dinner. You know, it's like you want to separate the two. So I think that's the only time that it was really challenging but everything else. It's like she's always just down for whatever I want to do and just backing me up and whenever my decision is for whatever it may be but then you actually a couple of Tours that we've done like you and your dad and your mom and your dad kind of speaks to like what you were saying that you were kind of like to yourself nothing, but he would constantly be like he has good ideas. He's constantly like pitching. He's a hustler. Not even for you is like a what if we did this what you did this and who's pitching ideas. So I think I know what you mean when you say like once you more in the household because if you just constantly I don't know if he did the same thing to you. But to me I was like these are good. But if I had that every single day like morning at night, I think that would be pretty awesome. Yeah, I can be a lot. I mean it's all great intention like, you know, he has a lot of ideas kind of time you're back to what David said in the first half where music can be tied to like your parents and stuff. So in the aspect of like a how hard you were grinding in like possibly like, you know, you burn yourself out and stuff like it sounds like maybe you got that from your dad just that that work ethic and what does he do besides, you know before like you're doing YouTube and stuff. Yeah. He worked on Dairy Farms cuz we grew up like Central, California. So it's like only Dairy farms. I can go shopping malls, Los Banos. I don't know why I would have to either go to Modesto and Fresno cuz there's like there's nothing in the town. We got a Target and everybody was like really stoked about songs like might where I'm from him. He was smart. He would just work on like electricity and like building dairies and he owns his own Dairy business. So he was like knew how to be a business owner. But yeah, I was all like dairy farms up until I asked him to be my manager. I don't I've been around a lot of cows, but I never never tried to milk when I had a lot of pet cows too cuz we lived. You know, what do you mean? I mean, I was a farmer nevermind. I think I hope that didn't happen. I know they just know something that they went to another farm. He just went to the other part. I don't know how many members who had pallets but they had them for different. Cuz we lived literally on a dairy farm one of the forms that he worked on and so we just had like a bunch of cows. I remember when night like 2 in the morning. There's a bunch of noise outside of the house and I woke up and there was just like cows like I open the window and just a cow like right there at the window cuz they just broke free and surrounding our house. So it's like that concept. I know you can just smell it. I can smell where you live. I don't know you have any other siblings he is older. She's five years older and she has two beautiful daughters YouTube Lake shortly after I did and she was going with her for a while. I don't know if she's still posting on it. But yeah, she got into it for a second to it's funny cuz I think she might have made fun of me right in the beginning when I saw And then she's like I'm going to get on this to what were you like? What are you doing? Yeah, I think you are so much like my sister makes YouTube videos. Yeah your sister chose the public route. Why did you choose private school instead of a public has never really liked public school and my parents just gave us a choice really if you want to be homeschooled you can so I was like, okay I'm doing that. I just felt like I just felt like I was wasting time like in between like if I cuz if I had it my way I was like, I just want to go to school do all the work. No recess no lunch. Just like let me do all the work and then go home and that's what homeschooling was still like 5 hours a day or how long is school out? How does that work? How does a home schooling system never asked this to someone before but what do you wake up a certain time do just do your work when you want? Yeah you whenever you want. That was a problem though is I feel like I definitely taught me a lot about like managing my own stuff and like having a schedule a little bit though cuz actually not maybe not cuz I start to get in the tablet where I would do all my work for the week like the night before I had to go in cuz basically I still at a teacher so I can meet with a teacher once a week and I would give her all of my work for that week and then if there were any tests then I would do those tests. And so basically it's like if I had to meet with her every Tuesday, I would literally leave all my work for like Monday to do my work as soon like in class if I could like homework and stuff like that just so I could like have fun at home even know you had a thought it was your parents. I thought you and I don't know. I don't know much about you didn't supervise I guess or like help me here and there but yeah, it's like I had an actual teacher technically. So with the teacher like go to your home or you me now at this place has other home-schooled kids or is it just let me know one thing when there were like all the teachers in their cubicles. Once I became homeschooled for a couple years, that's when I was in dance class and then I took theater for a little bit too. So I made new friends through that you still keep in touch with her. Not so much. I mean a few like when I go back home, but yeah, not not as much as I should but it was one long Twitter question you have do you have any scary fan encounters? Oh pretty consistent question really good pics. That was a good picture way that she said. Yeah, okay. Well, I have one it's like weird to talk about. This guy a while back. This was probably I don't even remember me 2013-2014 this guy that watch my videos. He was a lot older than me maybe by like 20 or 30 years. He came to a couple meet and greets and was just like strange scenarios. But then the weirdest one was I got a like a package or like a letter to my house. This is what I was living with my family and we opened up and there's like this USB thing. And so we put it in the computer and it was the video of this guy and he just started saying like all this stuff and he was just like so I have your address and like I want to tell you how I found it and he like pulled up the listing of like my house and it was like looking through the photos for some reason. I'm like, yes, I know what my house looks like. Thank you. He found the listing of the house online and so just like started clicking through it and just like was like you should like just basically he was telling me like I should be more careful with my personal information cuz I take the relay or he was like, it could affect your well-being and I was like you're so right and just like said some like honestly weird stuff and it really freaked me out. And from that point. I was like, I can't live here anymore of the reasons why this was like probably for 5 years ago. Yeah. That was a little odd parents are not there. Anymore at that at that location at that we all moved from their yeah, probably the most creepy weird situation. Yeah. I've just other than that has just been like little mishaps here and there but what about like weird interactions because you do a lot of meeting grease and stuff was a weird thing. Somebody said to you I got proposed to a lot but I don't like seriously though very weird. No not I mean with candy not like legitimate. I never had it all and you don't look like how you look in your videos all the time. I get there all the time. I like I don't shorter for you because you're in the beauty space, right? Why don't know I don't know. Why do they come up to you and be like, oh, you look good and you don't mean it is insulting that I call your lot taller you look a lot or something like that all of those for like you cuz you're the only one I've gotten his height is like a lot of really like. Oh, wow. You're a lot shorter in person. I mean I'm not so much anymore. But back then it was like I was really I really hated being so sure I hated being by 3. And so when people would say that I'm like thank you for reminding me, but that was probably the only thing there was one time in a meet and greet. This wasn't like she didn't say anything. Maybe it was the lack of her saying something that made it happen is like she basically wanted me to give a piggyback ride, but I didn't know that suit she like maybe she told me but I didn't hear X is like really loud so is like this girl's comes up. She just jumped on my back and I jumped on my back and I just what obviously wasn't expecting it. So I just fell to the ground and I was like wearing a dress. We both fall to the floor and she immediately just like gets back up and runs away and that was so embarrassed. I felt so bad here and she was so happy. Like she doesn't think she just wanted like a cute little thing Jack. I know you're remembered now. You're still the best. I remember seeing have you ever gotten any crazy gifts? Cuz I know I know from what I've heard females tend to get like more extravagant gifts from fans than males. Like I have a friend. She's cheat at like an iPhone anything like that. Crazy like a PO Box I used to yeah, I did. I mostly got like Stitch stuffed animals and a lot of handmade stuff mostly but never anything really crazy A lot of food from Selena. What's the thing that you're most proud of? Honestly today I was really proud that I got here like super early. I was really tired of that earlier for La that's like being an hour early. It really La people are always late so much that I literally was like, yeah that's very proud of that. Other than that. Other than that. Most proud of like yeah, I like in what genre of life-like successful. Now I do. You didn't when you were actually making videos. I think I fell in a different way now where I just feel like I I mean, I feel like I know a little more like I still have obviously so much to learn but I feel like I I feel success in a way of like, I guess what I understand when I'm aware of now and like just kind of how I define success to cuz I think like How I defined success in the past was maybe a little different than I defined it now, but as far as like my head like biggest accomplishment was proud of I think we I think your answer is great. Yeah, I like I think I'm definitely proud of everything that I've done career-wise like obviously. I'm like, well that was that's really cool that I did all that especially starting so young and not knowing that any of that was possible in like building something at this age and also just doing something that I never thought I would do cuz I just never saw myself as that person and even the people around me never saw me is that person so I'm definitely really proud of that and I definitely felt that success but I'm also really proud of how much I've evolved is a person and how I also define success now cuz I feel like it's just a lot healthier and more fulfilling podcast, right Ryan O'Neal win in a fight a real moment successful people. All right. Well, we're pretty much at the end of our show. So I guess thank you again for being so real with us and for being here. Is there anything you want to plug it back in the name of that? They used to be more embarrassing it was MacBarbie07. All right, check out Bethany Mota she changed her name or channel name and you can follow us at off the pill on Twitter and at off the pill podcast on Instagram. I remembered this time and once again shout out to Road. Thank you very much. Yes. Thank you Lord for the freeze things that being said. Can ruin a road Nikes? Hey harmonize go. See you singers. I don't know how to do that. Did this is really nice?