PGA Championship get like 50 times to get to bring it back. I didn't an intro Park was also in the the thing. That's a perfect time for you. Yes, and it is we haven't done a podcast here in like three episodes know we're back because Justin is in town. I'm here. How's it going man going good, too. And yeah it last time was the last fight you came yet blasingame was for what which fight Conor McGregor Mayweather McGregor fight was that fight. And I remember if you really sort of like disappointed. Anyways, you look like you're from the 90s with that had on. Thank you. I appreciate that. You look like a custodian.Hang out with that haircut and shirts try not to look I'm going for at all. And if you want to explain because I don't know people couldn't I don't know if people know it or not, but you're hella buff right now and you're doing you said you're doing it for parole. Yeah. I'm about to leave he talked about getting deported. Getting deported and he lives in this house that you wrote and you're directing. Yeah, and I think you're actually going to hit you have matching an end. You're working with a studio big Studio. Yeah. Yeah. I mean the main the main studio is is macro. There's a code financier for the film but macrame sorry to bother you mudbound. They made to Denzel Washington films fences in Roman Esquire. They madeYeah, you know they made they they made up this phone called the land that you know, they do a lot of like super, you know, ethnic driven films there like a good partner for this but yeah, it's about like, you know, I would like deportation and stuff these days, you know, we have the dreamers and DACA but like part of it that people are talking about his people who are adopted here internationally from like the 70s and 80s are getting deported people who are adopted here by why what do you mean by US citizen to be adopted meaning like they flew them ship them over let you know when you adopt a baby from Africa or China or Korea. I don't know about the only legal at that point. That's why I'm saying that's what's really messed up because I got so they're happening but they're getting deported brought to this country, you know, and this is there's a child.Isn't chip Act of 2002 anyone adopted after that. It's automatically granted citizenship, huh, baby one before that isn't protected. So if they got adopted here, the parents didn't file like a proper paperwork. Now like with the current Administration himself ice is so aggressive that they're using loopholes to deport people like that have no connection to their Homeland and like, you know, they they were like brought here as kids and you know International Adoption a lot of money is exchanged and it's it's it's really bad. It's really sad to that's hella sad. Yeah. So what year was after after 2000 I think is when when they do you bring to a baby from a different country their protective, but anyone before which is just a stupid loophole. Yeah. Yeah. So like, you know people from other movie is about though. Yeah, what about a guy who is dealing with that? And he's you know, Korean American inn and grew up in in the South End. Yeah, so like, you know, he's just trying to get like to eat starting to like really get his life together and then bad stuff happens and then he has to deal with the possibility of getting deported back cuz I didn't really for people who don't know who you are. Justin. Sean is an actor. You probably seen him in stuff a bunch of things you've been acting for. I don't know how long for like 18 years 19 18 years. And I mean, he's you're not really acting as much you're doing more like directing and stuff. But you were in like a ton of sure that you are. I remember you from the Nickelodeon show with what was that just heard it is just Jordan theme song. I feel like I feel like I need ya cuz it's podcast eye in Twilight was Anna Kendrick in 21 21 and over. 21, not the card movie 21 and over with Miles Teller and Skylar Astin, you're in a bunch of stuff man. You didn't mean that like I said you were in things that I just remembered because you're there wasn't many Asian people around and you were just like all Asian dude Nickelodeon and then obviously Twilight, but I know you know, that was fun crazy all the people who played those like like like like the human rolls kind of blew up right? Well Anna Anna Kendrick's huge. Yeah. But yeah, I like but you go back and watching it like that. That is such a can't believe she played that insignificant real. Well, I don't know if you want to say it what you want chicken. I think we could talk about an hour cuz I think is when I was going to do Twilight. I was just getting off of like like children's television like Nickelodeon doing a bunch of stuff for Disney and stuff, you know, and I I always wanted to be like an Asian Sean Penn and I want to be a serious actor. So I was planning to really stay away from anything. That's kind of like, you know, I wanted to try to find serious roles you have to do some indie films that are and then my agent called me and said there's this movie and it's an ID should go out for it's about if it's about a family of vampires and I was like hell no, can you cuss on this? I was just like, you know, you don't have a job. You should probably like there's not a lot of options for you cuz you know at that time, you know, it wasn't as open as it is now, so I was just like, okay. Well who's who's directing it and he was like Catherine hardwicke. I was like, oh and she did a movie called 13 and Lords of Dogtown that are so loved. Who's the main star? Like it's he was like what? This girl named Kristen Stewart. I was like, oh because I had seen a phone call into the wild and she has a part in that she's just so amazing in it and I was like, I would love to work with her and then and that's why I audition and then I Edition like I don't know 6 7 times and they mean yeah because it was during the writers strike so they couldn't rewrite stuff like so we had to do a lot of improv audition. So you go in and and because you can write in the stuff we had to go in and improvise license with the other sort of potential cast members and then I showed up as I go. Okay. Well, I'm really excited to work with these people but the film itself, I'm going to fuck, you know, like, you know, you know, like the books it's based off books and stuff, but You know, I was really excited to work with a people involved but like the actual story I was like, well, you know, it's just an opportunity in right and end but the other thing is is I don't think they wanted me a really cuz I was Asian, I think Katherine Eric Yorkie, right? Is that isn't that why don't know is that Asian character in the book? No, but they don't specify his ethnicity has black hair and like I think like nasty can police scanner something. I don't know but I think came out recently. She had a problem problems casting minorities. Yeah, but I don't think they really wanted me because you know, it was Washington Forks Washington. They didn't feel like that. I am proud of you know, anytime I can get a rule that isn't meant for me. I was really proud of that. So but you know an end the fact that I'm the only Asian that entire series is is Pretty cool. I like it. Like another fun fact is like that for those people don't know what I did I did because because of you guys is you and Kevin you did a lot. I mean I did it for like maybe like Xavier intro is I loved her thanks, but it's I think you would understand how hard work it is how much right how much hard work and I was like dude, this is like from not for me. Hard work. How do I get a free time? But it's not the case. I can have to be a full-time gig and I was just too busy like acting and and doing other stuff in a way bigger things even bigger than like, I think if you're on a network television show don't notice we are like I was just on a show for ABC. Nobody has ever recognized me from that like no one's ever said a b c show but like people recognize me from your YouTube videos. That's all you were in. I mean, like people obviously night from Twilight's the fan base was so big at right want to talk about how you turn down Pitch Perfect. I know that's why I'm so interesting a star's life. But yeah, I had just finished shooting 21 and over and Skylar. Astin was in 21 over with me and we both got cast in Pitch Perfect. So I went straight over from from Seattle to I think it was Baton Rouge to Shreveport, Louisiana. So I went from one hotel to another and I was like, man, I just I wasn't No. I thought I wanted to do and I showed up and and you know, Anna was there who's who's you know, I I love and and known her for a long time. So like I I was really stoked and then but then eunoia Got there, and I was I saw the reality of what it was which is like a musical. And you didn't want to do it and I was just like what you seem to like so like to sing a song and and whatever and then you and I sent a tape in and and I also do think that's Tyler put in a good word to get akash's lead and say hey you need to cash this guy so I showed up and it's weird and I found myself in like dance rehearsal for like a day and then her son like and I was just sitting there like in and we're sitting in like a circle. We're all picking up parts and I was just trying to do like a falsetto and I was like dude, this is not I feel like a phony. I just don't feel like I belong here cuz because what you didn't feel feel like your vocals are on point with them or you like why I like yeah. I just I just didn't like it and I just felt like really kind of stupid when we get because I think so many people you got to get in it. You got to be like the idiot like doing the whole Dance Again the committee cuz you got to know because we've hashed it out personally is there's an acronym Okarche and he's he's in everything now. He's he's going to be in Brittany runs a marathon. He's repaid Mindy kaling's younger brother in in The Mindy Project. He's in Mulan. He's he's are in like a film with Ryan Reynolds right now. He's a huge Indian American actor, okay. And I didn't like him and like we we got we were at it like me and him were like and he was like anyway, like I don't like guys in Pittsburgh and me and him didn't get long. You know, I don't want to go to into detail. But like I I hated him right and he I don't think he liked me either and that was another reason I was like dude and it just like as a week went by I was like, I don't want to get out of it. I don't I don't want to do this and also like 21 / was talking about doing a reshoot in China because they got some Chinese money. So we had to shoot part of the movie in China and and then also have wanted me to do some stupid movie with him. Which is probably the dumbest thing I ever did is I gave up Pitch Perfect to go to Kevin's YouTube movie. That's that's friendship, but that's not it had a big budget. I mean, yeah, I knew it was going to be and music and stuff and it's entertaining I knew was going to be good. It's just at that time and sometimes in life you have to do what's best for your soul not for your bank account. Damn that's deep. So yes, I was just like, you know what? I'd rather go chill in Hawaii and and and I'm glad I did I mean to change my life, you know like that much time in Hawaii and end in Hawaii is like a second home to me. So like I'm I'm glad I did that but like, you know, also, you know, I like I was like, so just partied out I was drinking so much and all that stuff and I was just like, oh just got done in and who I was like a little bit relaxing and then I had to I went from like being in a hotel and the sharing a bed with Kevin and I Hang loose Basco Rufio if I could just indulge you guys in the conflict between me a car we tested for a a NBC show for TV show you go what would happen? If you have to go test for show like-for-like the the executives and and so I made it to the final round and then I was just waiting in the room to go test and then the elevator opened and it was a car and we hadn't seen each other since per pitch perfect in the elevator open and he looked at me like what the fuc and I just liked her and I we're just like, you know, you have to test a few times it said yeah that work in the studio by the the second third day like as I can I talk to you I was like, yeah cool man, and we went into like an empty room while we're waiting. Like going to audition and he's like man and I will give it to him like he's a bigger man. He like apologize for sand and we pieced it out. And since I just like, I mean, we're both different people. I know and I and I can't like speak on his behalf because it's you know it I know what's going on in his life. But like I was just I was also a different person and I you know, I just thought we just didn't get along and sometimes you know when you meet somebody for the first time they rub you the wrong way and you you just Yeah, you just don't Vibe with somebody. I feel like. and here's the thing is sometimes you don't buy because actually you're a lot more similar than you'd like to admit, you know, and you see I think you see parts of yourself in somebody that you don't like but you actually like you actually like hating on yourself, but then you eat your insecurities that make you kind of Holding on that and start to like, you know, let it bother you but but I don't know how she is a sweetheart. He's a really amazing guy and he had his arm and yeah, we're totally cool now and it'll be a long time since then to like, you know, I think sometimes that kind of conflict helps you actually become closer. I don't know what I mean stuff is a call. A clip and just send it to likes and studies different actors it okay. Well, I mean I didn't want to because I think that's interesting and definitely but yeah, I mean now you're doing like I said you were you did acting for I don't know how I am and you're still acting but really your claim to fame currently is your directing cuz you've been directing films and writing them and I recently you had two films making it to Sundance back-to-back your last two films both made it into Sundance and one and one of them want to know more. Yeah. Yeah, and that's you don't know people. Yeah, but getting into Sundance is like super prestigious and it's it's you know name some other movies that talk to get into Sundance and your last two in a row that you directed got in there. So it right now you sound like a mean you're kind of like like caught right now and we did you also write those as well. I rather you wrote direct acted in accident in the first movie Google. Yeah, and then I wasn't in the my most recent film is purple. So I went with that this January and it comes out in theaters September 6th in La at the Newark on Santa Monica and then and then it'll expand in New York in to Landmark Theaters. And then and then after that expand to the most major cities, you know, I think can be through Landmark Theaters, but yeah, you know, it's about a estranged brother and sister who grew up in like a gentrifying Koreatown in Los Angeles and and Their dad is is close to passing away. He's he's he's terminally ill and end the daughter is stuck around to care for him and their living hospice nurse quit. So she's forced have contact her brother who in begged him to help help him help her take care of him because she has to make money and work and pay for stuff and we should just what she does for work issues a karaoke Hostess. And you know, if you from LA or your Korean, you might be familiar with like that told me culture. It's like, you know, you go to Kirby a karaoke room in girls come in there like kind of like hostesses and they come and hang out with guys from her for money. so what kind of explorers at World in a way but but it's really about a a brother and sisters relationship. I have a younger sister and our our relationship has been pretty complicated over the years and you know, I'm dealing with our parents and and kind of giving up responsibilities and I think the the brother-sister relationship specifically is pretty particular because it's like one's a guy with a girl and and I haven't seen that really sort of explored and film, you know, there's only a few filmed at Data talk about that. I mean like, you know, you can count on me the Savages skeleton twins, but that's about it. You know, I mean, I feel like a Edge of Seventeen kind of touched on it because it's like another you know, the girl is dealing with all the stuff and then you find out the brother, you know, there was all this stuff that he was holding him. But like it was like a main for thing. This is like the main meal is like a relationship, but it's also a in power and power and story like she she needs to I think she lives in a very lonely Solitude existence of the world and part of her journey is to understand that there's a world outside of hers and that's why there's a Chicano whole Chicano storyline that weaves through the story and and things I can bring her out of her comfort zone and by the end, you know, I think she start to realize and learn how maybe she can live a healthier life. But when does it come out comes out September 16th, New York? You said New York the next weekend and then it'll be San Francisco Seattle like most major cities purple ya process and how you get into that cuz brother sister relationship, but you're obviously drawing from that and maybe like with cooking stuff if you want to talk. That because it shows like different temperatures intricacies. I think it was during the riots, right? Yeah, it's takes place during the 92 LA riots and then the next one is with kind of like deportation and I'm not sure if you have any actual experience with it, but maybe like you can kind of take us through the story of all three. Yeah, I will let you know. I think I have a there's a reason or purpose for the art that I make. I mean, I feel like most people on the internet know me to be an idiot, but I think it is it as a filmmaker. I say my purpose is really solely is to there's a few things actually the first and foremost is I am trying to bring empathy to our community as Asian Americans. So like if somebody that's outside of our community watches a film day maybe understand how we operator or can Can empathize for us a little bit more? So that's a first Car Care II criteria is you know, we have crazy Rich Asians Black Panther and and all these sort of your Miss Paula these films that are strictly piano cast in include people that ethnicity which is great. But I'm also interested in my art exploring how we coexist and interconnect and all that stuff. So those are two things that they drive me in terms of what I want to say is for the writing process. You know everything I do has to be coming from a very personal place. The one I'm about to do. I write a few news articles about people who are getting deported and just really I just every time I read a story like that I would start crying like crazy because it's really sad and it's like some of these people have to leave their families behind and you know me being like a new dad and having a one-and-a-half-year-old like I can even imagine that and also like just for somebody like that to be abandoned by the parents and given up for adoption and then a lot of these people go to the foster care system because even their adoptive parent, sometimes I want them and then you know fast forward like two decades finding out that the US that was the place you can call home doesn't want you is kicking you out. I think that's a very pretty much kicked in the ass your whole life. Yeah. It's pretty in my heart goes out to them so alike. You know giving a platform to community that doesn't have a voice I think is a worthwhile Endeavor. So you don't that those are some reasons why make the art that I do and and and you know, I want to be like for the counter programme. We have like the Justin Lin's in the James Wan's and and you know, John shoes and they're doing amazing work in the really great in that studio like big-time Studio system. I think I'm really great at drama and you know and I are in comedy and stuff but like much more intimate in in in real kind of stories. So I'm like the counterprogramming to that and I think I I I just make a nice balance. I think it's really interesting that you a lot of people say that right lot of artists with say I'm all about like the art and not anyting else not like the fame. I just want to make art but you are presented with some huge opportunity to work with like a hundred like really really Finance films like Nick Studios. You were dead mean you are offered. Basically you could have went that route. Yeah you could have went the route of being the next director of a Marvel film or something, but instead you chose. I mean that doesn't appeal to you what money doesn't drive me. That's the biggest thing is is I've seen what money like in Fame and all that. So I've seen people have it. Right and we all know that that doesn't make you happy. I mean, it's not it can't you can be happy with money and fame If you're sort of internal Compass is right, but if it's just that's the only thing you're looking for you. Can you find yourself very very empty some money doesn't drive me. It's I think money is a great sort of indicator. If you're doing great work is a money I think follows Talent, right? So I don't focus on that. I don't focus on the biggest opportunity or the biggest career move i, c i focus on what feels right to me and and artistically and and spiritually and you know, What makes sense for my family? I think if you do one of those huge movies, you won't see your family for like three years. You're like constant working and you have an answer someone that's the other thing that I really really value is autonomy. Like I really value being the master of my own life and not having to answer to it. Like people telling me what I have to do or how do I need to do it specially with art? So I value that so like, you know those kind of opportunities, I'm very flattered. But as of right now, I think there's a there's a lot of work to be done that I feel is important that I need to do first never do it, you know, like really fun to do like a big but you know, my my babies I really young and I don't miss out he's like really hurt my babies like little a baby. Like I do like my editor Reynolds was also from Hawaii rentals Barney and his name is Axel Reynolds Barney. I love him though. But like he's over my house for editing in in in my office in like I do that on purpose and I and I stay home as much as I can to be with my baby. But if I was doing Studio film, I really doubt they're going to let me edit for my home or going to come in and out. But you know, that's like an astronaut like for now at least, you know, when When my kid doesn't want me around then maybe at this may be one I'll go do it like a bigger film and just bouncing and do that whole thing. But right now I think like there's some stories that I think can change people's opinion, you know in a different way and I tell stories about people who aren't the points are 1% you know, like my sores are really like Fantastical there like a realistic look at those are our lives, you know, like it would sell a lot of my feelings are about to working-class, you know, they're not about like super rich people there. They're just about like normal people like us knowing and I also think that's valuable well, With that being said, we'll come back and we'll talk about another film that we had in mind. But before we get there, we have to take a quick she she break and we are out. My back and back and back GTFO GTFO talking about how you liked it more real things and me and Justin call with ideas cuz it's usually stemming from me. It's really dumb like really we have really dumb but I like that too. So it's it's a nice break, right? You got to have your dessert stuck in in like one cubicle. You have a lot of different facets. Do you have many different faces to your cute little cubes Cube? He said there's so many different size to you that there are some people who are going to be like, I don't think just has a dumbass like he's really Serious, you know, I really like those type of people that thanks. Thanks. I don't like you but it's okay. Yeah, I mean I think like I think man I just I just want to live a full life, you know, and I think it's a life is there's too many things experience than to just be one thing. You know, how I feel like that's what you guys are doing like with a podcast and you guys try not to do stuff in like you could just be doing the same old but like I did this too much cool stuff to do with it just be like the serious guy or the funny guy or that's why I love when I see, you know comedians. Do you like drama and stuff? Yeah. I love like I'm Jim Carrey did The Truman Show or or Eternal Sunshine, you know, and then I also like when when Ruby series guys that do like stupid, He's like when Matt Damon did that one film with Greg Kinnear, I think it's stuck on you where they play siamese, like stuff like that, you know, I love when they do stuff like that, but I think that I think there's so many ways. We can like express ourselves. Why limited to just the same old boring bulshit. So let's talk about a how you you guys are going to explore yourself in this new dumb idea that you have all these dumb idea. I mean, it's been a long time ago. That's like it's still saying we're going to do it but we just never do it, but we're trying to write a BJ movie people who I don't know. If you don't know what that is. It's just our fake K-pop band that we start off as one video of joke and it just played really well International reach. Yeah it is. I remember the first one because it's literally saying don't side with me. To take a shit right here. This is just me and David Wright. We just I recorded it just my my voice really and then really go kill we need a band and I was like, okay. What Asians do I know that can be a part of his house. He just has one. He can sing too. If we're I mean, we didn't even really need to sing. But and then I got fail cuz I know he likes to dance. And then June I kind of just met but I knew he was into K-pop. Yeah, it was a super helpful to have him he is doing still like Honest by himself. He's doing like carried on with DJ by himself. It's literally like the last video about him leaving the group and start doing it cuz he's the star it's happening the real life. Actually. I've gone to some general meetings with like some studio people and they bring it up like a few in particular were like a thing and I am like Why why is your why don't they couldn't have kids is that I don't know. I didn't ask but I think we also like that's that's something that you did was sort of like with the whole YouTube you bridge use help bridge the gap because it did start off such a little thing and you and some other people I really blew it up into something that's like more now. It's mainstream like YouTube is not like it's not a nice thing. It's more actually more big than we were talking about them like TV shows or whatever. It is. No point of where networks are adapting to like kind of the YouTube formula yesterday about streaming and in videos on demand. Yes. I feel like it's just as legitimate. You know, I remember where I should be on Twilight explaining to them. I was like, yeah, I'm doing that YouTube thing in and they're like, why would you do that? Why would you waste your time? You reach a lot of people and it's it's the new thing that's that. I feel it's going to be huge and and I and you know watching how you guys were were operating. I don't think they were seen that yet and everybody's catching up. But now it's it's it's legitimate more legitimate than anything, you know, but I don't mind I don't mind doing some beegie a shitshow other song that still needs to be we wrote it out David and I and it needs to be recorded still additions to Filipino rapper and it would have to fit the storyline and I we don't need anybody like that you want to do this like K-pop video it was going to be a big deal, but then like people leaving like West I think wanted to do it at some point. I don't know if you actually once he sit like he was like, why did you ask me? Slick undercover sort of like sexy, you know, like I could see how lights white one but like your style and I and your kind of like I was so but he also seems like a guy that would take care of his girlfriend and I stood yeah, I like but there is also like has like the routing like like mail sort of like energy, but then also sensitive. Yeah. I know we have Phil Festival shots fired, Well, I mean speaking if there's any BJ fans watching they're going to be shocked because I mean if they only know you from BGA like you said they probably think you're an idiot and I hate like you really do hate. But you know, what are the three questions? Do you remember me? Ha ha ha. Hey, hey, tell him tell him he should go watch a Pixar token right now. I don't remember you who are what is what is the name username Jun Curry Ahn sojin, like why the fuck do you have Korean your name? Like what is that about? I don't understand to be like Korean. That's why REI Curry on I got to keep it going at BJ's a real thing guys were not playing characters and Swinton said they're all very exaggerated versions of ourselves. Are you secretly in love with Jun Curry, Ahn. Hey, man. Sexuality and should be fluid. So I am not I wouldn't be ashamed of. Robin is this going to be a space between the balls and from a place? I can you come from a cigarette Preston? You want to leave in purple? Send a funny the hall that natural like that relation like the first script. You weren't really I'm tryna remember how it start you weren't we weren't mean to like you weren't mean to June. Yeah, I think it just evolved that way like on say yeah, I could do just became an ongoing Jill what I think it was so I think it's because he was like the the slave driver I like we like actually I had to rehearse and I'm like, I'm like money from this this guy. I don't even know that guy. I met him through VGA and I'm like why you telling me what to do man, and I think that it's like that secret frustration evolve from that and I was like, oh, but he's kind of cute. Well, I tell you what to do. I feel bad for doing a lot because we are all so bad and like and like not really taking the dance tonight. I told him from the start like I got the first one and then he had a friend helping us with the second when I was like I saw the second other dude, this is too hard man. Like by guy say the dancing in the first one is way better. It was actually likes me. But the cookies out of the dancing on the dance are dancing was better in the first one second one was George barely even dancing movies are so lazy would like nah, man is a just cut a lot and a lot of it was just us like messing around like you that shot. That was all like the second one and he was really use really making me frustrated. Also is directing style man, cuz he just takes too long with everything. I'm like her ease of roasting. I've heard your podcast. Like I've heard I heard the Korean and I have her I don't I don't want your video to get demonetized. I'm going to stop by and he's a he's a good dancer Isaac good good is amazing. Violinist strings is like uncanny disarray. It really amazing on that violin but that you know, you know, what a violin the bow is made of horse horse tail. He's really good. Like he's connected to animals and he's really good with wood in this neck Yeah Yeahs on the podcast but then bring Justin. And not tell June stressing would just be there. Yeah, you need to set him up like make him to get real comfortable and then start having some kind of like chocolate wish it. Yeah, and then I should be like I should open the door would like headphones on and be like, I've been listening to you entire so nice if you'd be like Oh Yeah Yeah Yeahs just-in-time system things to me. Yeah. I think I would do that. Yeah, it's funny how that just it just became a thing like it became a became a thing and it's people's favorite relationship. It's either you love the love-hate relationship between now and June or you just love David for being David. Yeah, David's funny to in it. We we we hope to continue it on in a movie for him at some point. But what I want to talk about right now is Taco Stand Up career. I really want to I want to I want to talk I want to talk about tacos stand-up comedy career we owe for the beers at home Paco and Ryan were were in La for their partner if they're doing the podcast in LA. And yeah, and we went out for some drinks and we came back and we forced Paco to do a stand-up stand-up act for us and we all like critique Tim. Let's practice is like Paco never let me I would say like open mic and like you would never tell me where was yeah. I was like dude you need critics that like you need people to tell you like when it's not good. I can also that we know nothing about stand-up comedy. Or we are like our opinions are valid in any way. We just wanted to like give honesty back of how like is just normal people like If we like it or not, that's all like that you guys come from the standpoint of like storytelling know like you guys do really well at storytelling. So on that aspect because my jokes aren't just like these are one-liners, you know where it does come from a place of their some reality to this. So that's why I was like, you know, I do feel comfortable but also because I really do look up to you. We just wanted to get a little taste of the Paco and after I did my set they destroyed me for like a good 30 minutes against ride. You didn't let it like, you know be personal and and you know, that's hard to do it like it's hard to take criticism, you know where to put that you were just speaking from like a non-professional Snapple just how we took it. Yeah, but but you know, I think that right now Paco should do it at Is that yeah, I mean, I think people need to know if you're going to try and do something you have to like commit to it and then be open to the criticism. I think I think it's really tough to do the reason why you understand why I didn't want you guys. Like I'm okay with performing at open mics in like bars coffee shop and I have no idea who they are, you know, because in the end when I do stand-up comedy it's going to be for people like that starting off its going to be for people have no idea who I am with you guys. It's a lot more personal because of the relationship that we have like the audience's team. Just push it on me all day and I'm cool with it. It's fun. And then Ryan will do that too, and I'm cool with it too. But when it comes like all this is something that you know, I'm trying to work on this crap and stand up and up and then to have like to think all are they just going to shit on that to you know, yeah. That's why I only have you there when I get to a point like I'm comfortable. Work on this hundreds of times, you know, I made this at good enough while I'm confident that I can get you to laugh. Yeah. Yeah where you feel proud? Yeah. Yeah, but in the meantime tonight, I think you know when people come over to Ryan's house, I think, you know people are coming over to my house. So yeah, you took criticism very well and I think that's that's important for a lot of people it's tough man in a job if you just work and something to take pride in something you love and someone comes and criticizes you let me come from a place of us trying to help right? Yeah, but even then that's tough man, but that's a path to progress. That's a path. Masteria is you have to you know be open to not being awesome, you know, and I at least I can speak for myself is like I know like I'm like a novice and just starting out as a director and writer on a sudden. I need to I need to always be open in and get wrecked all the time. The more times I get wrecked the better I'll get because if I learn from it, what's a negative criticism you've gotten for like goop goop specifically, you know, someone review said like, you know, it was kind of messy and but if you but they are also talked about like you could tell there was a raw artist passion behind it that that it kind of makes up for it. But but I have to admit yeah, there's parts that are pretty rough and the way I shot it was super low budget inn and Scrappy so like a nap time or or you know, the resources to make it to her polished, but I look at it now and and taking that sort of note from the reviews and and I generally don't read the reviews. It's more like you know ass like Pierce, you know, when especially when When I'm editing and I'm getting to stage where it's getting kind of close to locking the the the film so I can send it off to like sound and color and all that stuff. I'll have will work on it. And then at night I'll always have at least one screening and I'll and I'll invite the scariest people that I that I admire or whatever and I'll have them watching give me notes. And sometimes is really unlike, you know, and and a lot of times are right and a nose is always it's always a note behind the note. So they might say like this section just as it's kind of just like that. It sucks. And then it's like I have to really go back in and be like, okay instead of me like fuck you. You don't know what you're talking about just really think about it and it get to note behind the note and maybe he saying it just felt slow or or maybe the editing was a crisp enough and it wasn't engaging enough and or like maybe he saying it was bad because he wasn't clear on the the the protagonist's Sort of how they were feeling in the moment and that's something I have to decide for afterward. But like for me to be like he doesn't know what he's not like that part's not bad. Like it's some nice people there notes are you know, these are talking in the moment. They haven't had time to process for a long time what they're saying, so that's like an example, you know, and you know when I'm in the editing phase I'm constantly and sometimes you also but here's the other thing pop goes like sometimes you also have to stick to your guns. Sometimes you don't know that's just my style or that's how I express myself. You have to know when something is, you know, very sort of interest in a girl to the two who you are and then some stuff that's just more of a practical technical thing that you need to improve upon so like people were ragging on so I'm sort of some of my music choices and that saying it was to all over the place but I like that because I'm not one thing and they're like, well, there's too many total ships. I found sound like Frankly, I don't give a fuck about that specific thing that they're talking about. And that's something that I I want to hold on to. Yeah, I don't know what kind of wrapping up this time is, but I just wanted to join one more Twitter question because you are actually the first father guest. Oh, yeah, we do that. We haven't had any guests that has ever thought about you and the kids except for your mom. Yeah, but because you are kind of a crazy person, you know, you're doing so many things. How is it has having a kid like change your view on a lot of things or even life. Yeah. It has that's the simple answer but I think having a kid can go two ways. You can just Live your life and kind of be a responsible or if forces UV really, you know what time I self-aware and introspective forces you to examine who you are as a human because now you have this child that's coming to the world end and you have to you know, you have to determine who you going to be the food the person that they're going to call Dad. And so it's made me have to take a second. Look at the type of art that I'm making right. So if you noticed that are that I'm making is speaking of which don't like how you going to explain to her Beach. Yeah, but you know, it's fun, but in terms of Feature film that they all have a purpose in and I can stand confidently and it would on two feet in front of her and say yeah, I did it for this reason. I was trying to give these people a voice and then sometimes it's okay to be like I really truly believe that sometimes answer can be like we needed money. We everybody needs money to survive. So I need to take that job because we are family needed the money, but it really but the same time I become Kinder. I've become more compassionate. I become more sympathetic and empathetic towards people. I'm not quick to judge. I try not to be I try not to be as judgmental. Because all that sort of and also I try not to do speak really negatively about other people like us all change when you had a baby. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it was not overnight but it is truth and that does change you when she have a kid. Yeah, but it's your own personal decision if you want to change or not, but you know, I don't want to bring you know, I think you've seen me change over the years you have more time after last night and I think before I was much more aggressive and you know, I look at myself now and I think I'm not as aggressive in the sense that I had somebody like I'm not used before I be like, oh, yeah screw that guy and you know, I don't do that as much because I don't want to bring that energy home. And I think that's what the baby does and it turns to work. Some people go in the direction of like I need to make more money to give my kids what they need and then there's the other option which is like mineral all that stuff doesn't matter. I think what's more important is helping molding her to be somebody that you think will be a great member of society. What's more important is that you can either try and make more money to try to give your kids what you think they need and then but then my philosophy is to spend more time with them and try to give them a strong Foundation. You can't make your kid become anyting they're going to be who they're going to be and I only my job is to kind of give them the tools or what I think is is productive and constructive for them to go out in the world and then that's on them. But but I think that's what having kid. Does. It really makes you think about even Who You Are Any beaches become you have to become more selfless. Cuz a kid they can't care for themselves. You have to care for them. So in that way, I think I've become. It's less. I become less egotistical. You know, I think being a creative and an actor is it one of the most narcissistic Endeavors one can take on because you're stinking costly by yourself and how you come across and and having kid really takes you outside of of that and it's less about like Your own sort of hang ups and ego, which I think it's a beautiful thing. So you guys should have kids. Yeah, so I just went to go pick one up or we can have them together. I know I'm good dude to the message. Okay. Well, I mean again just to wrap up just in your film is purple comes out when September 6th at the Newark in Santa Monica. It'll expand to other theaters in Los Angeles and in California, San Francisco Irvine and then but then the next weekend after September 6th, the following weekend was at the September 12th. It'll be in New York it to Landmark Theaters in the city and and it'll expand out to most major cities. After that. Miss purple is purple still on Netflix. Netflix is pretty messed up. It is something not going to come up here and they do something that's called a pan and scan. We shot that film anamorphic which is like what they do is a pants can they just they pan and scan it and they scan it and it cut off the ends and they do. And they decide when the pants are like for example, those that shot with a two brothers arguing and she's in the middle. It's cut off at the ends and he decide when the pan to each so I didn't know that watch it on while I watch it on Netflix, but if you want to see the true aspect ratio buy it on iTunes support support or pirate it whatever or Because you can follow us at off the pill podcast on Instagram at off the pill on Twitter leave us your questions and stuff like that there where else can they find you though? I usually mostly use Instagram, but you barely use it follow me on Instagram. And then I I I use a in between projects but what I'm really focused on like filming I can concentrate but you can just follow me at Justin Chon on Instagram and and I'm you know, if you want to slide into my DM's not take I'll take a look you probably look at it because they follow you on Instagram. It'll be a good way to get a reminder like oh this is coming out you like post stuff about the process, you know, like I post stuff when I'm in in the edit or onset. So if you're interested in filmmaking it all like yeah, I'm good follow behind the scenes stuff. I see cute pictures of my kid Papa babies have a baby's. All right, well and 3-2-1 very aggressive.