I know that's that's what he gets because of you. You aren't prepared for the rig say my name London will is also good. Yeah, okay. I just want to get the intro out of the way because she has to get back to Lori talk about. Why does he get that thing? I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I was supposed to be for me. I just didn't get the seat. I don't get my decision has ruined it all. Yeah. Well, you know what that is. This is what you guys do when I'm not around, huh? This is pretty much just takes the good job need to add. I want to think we could add hell. Yeah, that would be nice next to you. We should be discussing outside of the table tower right now. We're just going to whine about it. All right to work in progress it is it when we first started I never even watched these things. He has too long. Anyway, the reason why Greg is never has never been on a podcast is most of the time Greg has editing pretty much all the time. That's the only reason why and if he's on here he's not editing. He's not editing. We're probably going to be an additional an additional week behind so it's true but then but then this week, I think we're going to make it work. Yeah, we'll we'll said no, but he's the one editing this one but that's all these podcast because we're not going to miss a week. So like I don't know if we should talk about the video that we're about to put out cuz I don't know if it's going to be out yet this like the most largest amount of footage. We've had ya on one person in a really long time. Yeah. Yeah, it needs to be out. Oh, you mean green has last video how to make a video not make sense, but it's the worst intro ever it is Yeah, we decide to do a four-person podcast today. Don't worry. We're going to get DNA and at some point we want to keep Greg and Dana separate though ever. They're not the same person. Do not like twins wear that the same. / I'm just kidding we get the ones that were related your twins. Actually. Well as your just reward for the racism. Okay. Greater Joe guys. What a grated. I know. All right, let's try and do something different this week said last week we jumped in it with and that's why but I want to try and do something. We're like, you know that the start of the podcast just to get it rolling a little bit better since our second half is always better. I wanted to try and see if we could start up like with what made you laugh the hardest most recent cuz then you kind of get the giggles going and then you kind of get into storytelling mode and you're ready to all right, you start then. All right idea thing to me. This week was interacting with Ryan's dad because at the last video where outside and it was really cold for us release and it was outside. It was in the forties, but for Ryan's dad, he's from Hawaii, which is a lot warmer. So we are like, he's Gasol. What's the temperature and we're like, oh, it's the father. 3 degrees what? No, it's not and then we pulled out a phone and showed him 40° and he goes. Yeah, but that was in your pocket. So it's probably warmer in there and we all started dying cuz he thought it was a thermometer and it was the greatest it was the greatest thing. You have to understand. He has a flip phone still doesn't know how to answer calls. He knows how to send calls upgrade over the past couple years. He doesn't he doesn't answer any of my calls or my mom's and he yeah, that means he only can make calls. I don't know why he doesn't answer it just outside with the SD cards for the cameras and he was like, what is that? And I was like, this is like a camera is this what we film film and he said no, Did not understand technology at all. Like you probably couldn't turn on a computer. I can probably I would like to see The Rare Breed that of people who don't understand technology. Whatever you guys would have something that made you laugh really hard recently collapsed here. Yeah, I mean I wish you would have told us you were asking me what you think about it. She's like you were really prepared now or are we aren't you guys are good out on the spot know I have nothing that I can think of right now. I think that I read it is something that I like that but we are not sure I think we can just say it go for it because it probably will be out right we'll know it'll be out. So we did a Ryan tries ghost hunting video and it's kind of based off of an inspired by Ghost Adventures. I just always wanted to do that. I don't know if you guys heading to ask you guys but you guys believe in ghosts. We talked about how we talked about before or after our experience. I mean, okay before and after has it changed even not even goes the last video. Yeah, because like I don't have any hard evidence that they did exist and have any hard evidence that they didn't exist. I don't know what yeah, and so I was like, I was just going into it with an open mind like I will see what happens you didn't so you didn't really I know you don't have evidence. But did you believe I was more inclined to be open to the idea of goes after that? Okay. Yeah. What was it just like the whole experience. Yeah. I kind of like certain things that just couldn't be explained like what that yeah. Yeah. I thought you were very like ghosty Zooper believer. Cat for sure and that experience just kind of solidified it for me. Yeah, that whole thing was just it was I felt like going into it was nothing like I thought it was going to be just like this cheesy tour That We Takin you were going to be kind of like, you know overhyping it but man I'm a firm believer now, I'm extra firm before though not back to the firm. Yeah. I mean, I believe in a lot of things so it's a ghost is just one of those things that when things I believe I believe in in in Zombies, I've been preparing for zombies for a while. So I think seriously, I mean you believe it is it's a possibility sure or that they already exist. And I keep that in the back of my mind and prepare for it. Yeah, I guess so. Me when I feel like I'm pretty neutral on it still I feel like last time we talked about it. I feel very much the same way like I'm not going to discredit people from having their own experiences. So that's why I can't really say like all they don't exist. Like I'm not going to be like, you know Paco had this experience and say that wasn't real because obviously was real to him. I just haven't had like a personal experience and I'm going there at that to her. It was really it was fun. Like it was a really awesome experience to like play with the tools and like get to all the tools that you see on like those goes exactly. What is it called that goes ba talk about all those things. I was just like it's very interesting and the score to see what each one dead. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know. I'm still maybe I'm like a little bit in leaning a little bit more towards believing after that experience because everything adds up to what you know, you're all your experiences, you know, create your web you believe in but for me. I don't know that said you never answer that you never had any personal experience. That's why you're I mean that says yeah the story already on the other podcasts about my experience. So I'm not going to go through that again. But like I was in a grown-up in Hawaii Sean. I used to go Sun all the time and we should go like all the most haunted spot. All the legends never saw anything. So I never believed and then just randomly that one night happened then I kind of lean the other way, but I'm Steven then you can before we did the tour. I was still kind of I don't know kind of skeptic right when she brought the other devices. I was like when they could easily tampered with this stuff to make it in any somebody outside controlling it but then there was some just some things like Paco said I couldn't really explain it doesn't make sense. So that was a little freaky. I think there's one experience that will had that you didn't really share with people with the the Box That when it kind of like glitched out in the battery died. Yeah. Well, I mean it's it was one that I mean, we'll try to put in the video but it was never really had like an ending to that segment really like the scary part cuz it just kind of ended and we were all like wait what just happened? Yeah, like what it basically it was like a tool that it was like a dictionary of words and somehow like through energy or whatever the its. They think that the ghosts can you know, essentially manipulate the device to pick a certain word this kind of modern-day Ouija board. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly without you having to spell it out yet. Like they just like text it to you. And so when we were at like it just we were really like into finding this like Brian was getting like a big meter and like the device was going off and then all of a sudden like we haven't really had too much activity on this thing. This thing like goes crazy in it puts out like six or seven words and I can only pick out like two or three two of them were Japanese and present and I immediately thought like okay, of course, they're like understanding that we have a lot of Japanese people here and you're saying that you're Japanese atomy. I honestly thought like we think I'm talking to Greg about this was like they'd be okay with that cuz that's what I was saying cuz there was also before that it was like I believe or like go or not. What was it like in the way there was something that other words are like to leave this place was built or around in 1913 and you know, that's like around the time when it's not around the time but let's say these people you know, what we're 20 years older 30 years older and it's around the world World War II right 1940s, which is very Potter. It was around then those people could have been around then and that's when you All the Japanese bomb Pearl Harbor, I mean it could be some animosity. I don't know. I was probably the most Japanese people in that bar or Saloon. So here's the real question question. Soundbite ready can ghosts be racist. Shoot, I mean mean for their time they didn't have well, I mean if I had their version of super inappropriate, but that's exactly what I thought like immediately. That's how I saw it and I went like I really thought about that like if you know different time, yeah, I was a completely different time like without affect them how they would an interactive, you know, people know crazy. It is crazy. So if you guys were ghosts and you you could select what time era did you get Aunt and where what would it be selected? What kind of question is under? 60 minutes? Yeah. Yeah right. Now you guys are asking that question, which is just keep unplugging you. Is Mike's don't know we always have issues and we start podcast for whatever reason it might be a ghost in one of those John's goes like he's not dead but audio equipment and if I would you say that about Sean what you say you're going to do that actually could lead to another topic we want to bring up cuz it's very dark. Didn't start off pretty dark. How did you guys feel when you hear about the whole thing? Just hearing that word? That wasn't even my brother's Cat by the way, I want videos of momo in the podcaster. Okay right now it's scary. Anyway the first I mean, I saw it on my Facebook timeline men's one of the I don't get scared easily, but I just was scrolling. I'll just what the My friends like the edited their photos or whatever, He was a sculptor something like that art piece of some sort, but it was very weird buy it. Like I was like, I don't want to see this young get scared easily, but it was a hoax right before it was like reported somebody who believe that it would get younger kids are audiences to do. Dangerous challenges that could lead to death such as like a turning the gas stove on and then just let him know I was repo it was reported on that someone in Sacramento right some Lady in Sacramento had a daughter who said that she had a daughter supposedly that turned on the gas stove because a YouTube video of Momo I told her to do that or Challenger something like that. I don't know but it was it was debunked that that person with making that up. Wow. That's crazy. I did not know that it's actually a challenge how many people were saying that I feel like it was like that lady was just like or I don't know who it was who started it was just like hey, I want like some kind of attention like I can't believe like somebody knowing people like to post I can't believe this is what's wrong with the world or whatever like it was going to pose. I don't know. I'm friends with a lot of older people make smells like they like to be outraged. Yeah, right. Yeah. That's like that's when I saw it again, that's crazy. But like she does. But that could actually happen now that could start because somebody created that that hold ya and I mean no there's no reported incidences of like actual things that happen right now. You're not not according to the Articles. I read or anything like that. Yeah. I'm not that I know of that is scary. I think it's really a shame too because it kind of sheds like negative light a little bit on YouTube in a sense to people who don't really maybe maybe someone will never know about this being a hoax. You don't like from older generation whatever and now they have you know, it's kind of giving them another reason to not I mean, that's kind of what I think when I hear it's like meant that I'm glad it's a hoax of course, but it's like kind of kind of unfortunate, you know, it's kind of like I don't know. Do you guys remember and you like hoaxes or stuff when you were a kid? Cuz I don't even know if there are hoax or not. But I remember as a kid. My mom would constantly get these emails that would alert are like kids in like a western us have been getting dealt drugs that are passed off as Pop Rocks and then when you eat them like you can be so strong that children died and so she would be like you can't eat pop rocks anymore. I never heard of that. That's why I don't know if those are hoaxes seems like the same kind of thing though, but there was one thing that isn't a hoax that sounds like one and it's called jenkem. Have you guys ever heard that goes jacoje Jenga jenkem jenkem where people would pee and poop into a balloon and then smell it afterwards. Like a like for a man's or something like that porta potty for Define smell poop. Some people got them crazy fetishes man. Apparently. I'm a hundred percent. I remember like Expedia didn't think about that. I'm wrong. I'm wrong. I mean don't don't even at Duke Duke moonshine. Oh my God. Is this a joke in the mid-1990s? It was reported to be a popular street drug amongst Zambian Street children. What does Ambien well, I mean, On the Momo topic that artist kudos to them for making something so scary face or something. Yeah, I'm scared. I've been swiped past pictures of my feet so fast ever since like I was in high school of your feet by feet made my Instagram feed. Hay I got that fetish boys. I mean that's why I was impressed that you came. I mean like I did I asked you I was like, are you willing to film this goes hunting episode? Cuz I know anyone in the group Greg is probably the most afraid of those babies Dana maybe Dana Christina came with us to watch The Conjuring 2, he wasn't there, but I'm sure he would not have wanted to go watch that Tina did I don't even like watching the movies you guys watch like Conjuring. I still don't come with us. I hate those. They're scary dude. Yeah, I like them. Do you think what I guess it's because you're a Believer. I think it's just like all right, so I'm not scared of like zombies and werewolves and vampires cuz you can you can fight those things. Right but like ghosts and stuff like there's our demons. Yeah, like Chucky like scary movies as a kid, but when I got yay or the ring girl, I was like if she calls on my TV, I was acting like, you know, like in Scary Movie 3 the TV and then he starts beating her ass. That's exactly how I think it would go to this little girl. It was decomposed. I I mean like she's like you she should be able to break. You know, I mean like your skin is breaking your bones. Rotting smells like that Zimbabwe stuff. You were probably see how she would come at me and I'm already playing how I'm going to take her down get behind her. Snap your neck. Is there such thing as there's no such thing as a judo chop, actually, you know, what if someone is grabbing your lapel you could chop your hand on but it's not a real thing. That's not Lisa's you ought to know Judo kick, either they've done. But anyway, I just thought it was kind of shocked. So even at some points cuz Greg will go off and get equipment and you know do things on his own without anybody else around the other night when we were filming I was shocked that you were like just going off on your own I turned on like when I get into film mode don't even think anymore just like Autopilot. Yeah, I was just feeling so the crazy thing was when I was filming later on down to it during the day. Like we just kept having a camera equipment failure like our batteries keep dying and stuff like that and I was just thought that was creeping me out kind of broke me out of my, you know, all this stuff that never happened never happens and he said it might be cuz it's supposed to be like that goes are pulling energy from you. No electronics, whatever and Paco's phone went off randomly, even though he had for service and even then I was still skeptical. I was like device that's making spaghetti MPG exactly. Yeah, then my phone was my know what time everybody else. I was just like random, you know moments that we didn't even get to get on camera a lot of time cuz yeah, it was just like we're setting up. Yeah, it was all scared that we were going to get the shots honestly because I was like, I have two batteries they die instantly and a half to use the specific infrared camera to get these And it was like kind of dog was making me scared. Like I want to get this dispute shots. I can't so I don't know why I feel like you could find a ghost how Sage cross prayer when you think about it. Like when there is a ghost most times. They're just scaring you. I like it. You don't hear about a ghost that killing anyone that's maybe because it's a demon that you got possessed or how often to hear about that real life or same with most times. It's somebody, you know, just scaring getting scared cuz they saw something but they'd never liked that my hair is a well. Okay, that's not even a salt. That's probably your hair like well, I mean, I don't want to get too much into the video because we just giving away the whole thing just in case instead of talking about this out the energy between both Greg and Find so a lot of people lost since the process and how how well you guys work together. So like with a lot of the videos are most Ryan will write the full strip have like some wild ideas cuz like you said another podcast he likes to push his ideas and see like, oh is this possible make I want to try something new every time and he'll come up the Greg and Greg is someone who never says no, he's always like okay we can do that. Yeah. So speaking on that you can just recently middle of fixing another at it and I just text him randomly had this idea and basically I was just like hey, do you think it's possible to do this? And Before I even had a chance to answer I was like wait I have to rephrase that because Greg is always going to say it's possible cuz you'll find a way but it's a matter of like, okay, is it going to be worth putting the time in two? And because Greg always figured out how to do anything it might take two months, but you'll figure it out just like I mean like to worry about the fortnite one. I mean, obviously there's a lot of facts in that and stuff like that, but I asked you is it how possible is this the bill Dayton Tire Fort, you know, we have to build it in real life or is it easier to make an effect for it? And you said it's possible some okay, but it's a matter of like how possible and in a realistic time. Usually, it's I look at the the thing on paper or your text message or whatever and on paper it looks It looks way more doable than you know in actuality. So I often times jump the gun and I usually just say yes just to kind of like, you know, just so I can start thinking about it. Cuz once I know something we're actually going to do something that's when like my brain kind of starts putting the pieces together and doing all the logistics but sometimes it is impossible, but we're too far into it that you can't turn back now will select the example as you know it on the exposed video the music video we did. I was just pitching ideas with with you and I was like, this is so much post work like I didn't I didn't have an idea for that bridge part. I know what I want to see I want to see all of these little screens right as well as we're spinning around which we did but I didn't know how it was in your idea. And what if all those screens ends up being you I was like, yeah, that's awesome. And because you said I was like it it's doable. But I mean you did you did it affect some stuff that we do. I mean, it's me see all over Hollywood all the time. Like anything is possible nowadays specially with today's technology what they have a lot of time and that's what that's what kind of hold this back. It's just, you know, like technology Manpower and just time but like the ideas that's kind of like a where I guess me and Ryan, shine cuz he'll write something and I will kind of see it a completely different way. And it we don't really combine our ideas until like Midway when we're kind of we both got an idea of where where heads are at. So sometimes it's like two completely different videos are two completely different ideas coming together and sometimes it works. Sometimes it sometimes it's a know sometimes it's like mid like filming. Yeah, like all this is not what I was exactly what every every week. It ends up most times. We tried at least make it work, even if that means getting rid of something but I mean that's that's usually the process for that for the most part. Yeah, sometimes Ryan like fully leave some sections blank, you know, like whenever we do like a connection type video like a like a Miley Cyrus, will you call that video like conspiracy conspiracy theory Shawn Ryan goes into his Ryan math stuff where you just connecting the dots and he doesn't really know how to visualize that yeah. connected weather like Like if there's no specific Direction on those then what a lot of Greg's good at is fear, like visually, I think you see everything visually. Yeah, that's where I seen things more like math equation. Right? Right, and that's why it helps cuz it's like we're working to different parts of our brains if that makes sense. It's a half a brain kind of but yeah, that's that's kind of like what? Yeah man processes. Like I will say the very first kind of experience that kind of relates to this like your question is like when we first started working with Ryan Palmer in Los Angeles, and it was me and Greg and like I was going to be starting to beat your ass and Greg was just starting to do effects on first channel and it was The eye one you were there for that. Yeah, you were there for the gear Rhino. Can you open your eyes less? I know that's a person. I like that's the way it came out to Vegas. Yeah, but that one was I feel like your eyelid opening of you were like, holy cow. Like I have always had ideas I want to do but you couldn't do them on your own. So when you had literally like the capability to now do these like graphic or CGI kind of bigger ideas their kind of more. I don't know. You just can't edit them like cutting scene just like you obviously had to spend time if you're not familiar with it somewhere. It's your mind. Can you open your eyes and he goes his ice cut get something is really really big Greg like maybe 3 the eyes of chest building and then for whatever reason Using Beatrix think like even if I could see it in my head and I have never done anything like iMovie. I think Zachary's no way. I'll let you be like green screen, which I kind experimented with did not know what I was doing, but I didn't know that was possible and I just open the door for so much work exactly have so much more time spiraled out of control and then we went downhill from there just know that I mean that seems like an interesting you guys started talking about your origin story almost. Yeah, but before we go into our origin story, I think it's about time we hit that halfway mark. We are where they're already is we are and we were talking about girls for a while, huh? She should break break. Do you have to Sushi Zushi again again? I pray for you. Good, I should do the break. What the what is the March it up a little bit like I mean, I'm about to explain why are you so mad because you cut me off like always was that mean though. What up, I just got to big lie. Cuz once we got one sponsor we've never begged for another that is true podcast were like you guys were trying to get Sean on a piping job volunteering job. And I think he actually got a job. I'll really yeah. I just talked to him. Well, I don't I don't know if I should say it's not my place, but I don't know for sure, but I'm pretty I'm pretty sure you may or may not have gotten a job. I'm not saying because of the podcast by the way, it's a tide he was looking to get a volunteer to try to just volunteer cuz they weren't letting him volunteer which I thought was weird, but it makes sense now, but yeah, he is I think he may or may not have gotten a job. Well, maybe congrats Sean maybe congrats Sean. So kind of like And we're back and we're back out real quick, and then we're supposed to be like hey, and thank you so much, too. Something for sponsoring this as she she break turns away sponsors that we call her. She should break. I don't think they even know what it is it that way that we just landed. Before. Yeah, but they don't watch the before they just look at the views. Let's talk about was how did you guys meet and it kind of include all three of you more than a lot a lot of people. So this is the real story because we made the animated thing. That was I mean it was it was in the right order kind of it was kind of the story of Noah's birthday joke. I'm not a stripper stripper and you took that seriously ill people took it serious. That's why I was like they didn't say thank you. You really think they thought you were stripper, but I'm like look at my body. Do I look like I have the receipt for that. Yeah. You're very muscular Bobby pay a couple bucks. Anyway, I'll let you guys I can fill in the blanks but I mean, yeah right was first so I started a man may be like back in once a junior high when we used to go to school together me will I didn't go to Junior High with you. That's right high school high school high school what we all kind of lived in the same area. We are me will Dana were from Sacramento, California, which is where Dominic D-Trix in a few others are there. They're all kind of like from a certain area and we grew up together. We went to the same high school together and eventually start a dance group called The Boys is a hip-hop dance crew got out and it originated with a few guys and then eventually we picked up. Wil Willis our dance. What does I am in addition to will is D-Trix and that was when we kind of took Dance seriously and we started training we started doing competitions and dance was like our main jam and then Dom got so good at dancing. He actually went on to a few shows. He went on to a minute left us you did leave us and we actually sent him away. We were like, you're so good. We're holding you back. Please don't go. I mean, please go do this thing and you did he went and killed it and he did that. We can't he was like we were so freaking like Proud of how it like we never thought like one of the people that we are with you don't know he went to America's First So You Think You Can Dance and he just like did so well on it and came back and didn't win but he made a name for himself or for sure. And from there. He went on to America's Best Dance Crew with Wes, which should have been the boys salty not a good dancer friends out there and they're all amazing draw like really good guys. So and they won and they want we would have but later on down the road. Beatrice can do we could do it that stuff. Is it easy bro? So we actually did try and we did get the show. So that's another which one is Fallen Fallen Kingdom still see some of that we all looked up to when we said dancing in Sacramento. He was like up professional breakdancer that we were all like when he when we saw him. I was kind of intimidated by him and now I like super look up to him though. He was super dope. He was a traveling like dancer and they would go with other countries and they would win in life. We like we would never been in Do that kind of stuff cuz you weren't the best dancers, but we can make good shows. Yeah, we were with our Forte performers, like literally circus clowns made other dancers laugh when you are on America's Best Dance Crew logo was a mustache and like you were the mascot basically and it was not about like, oh you guys can do the best flips or you guys have the best stunts there's a little bit of everything but the things you guys have was comedy Dom was he was the judge at the gym on the show? You would kind of tell us a keynote behind-the-scenes stuff and he was like, yeah, you guys might need to step up your game. Cuz I producers there. They're like, they really want you guys off to show you guys cannot dance at all. We can dance little Jean. So yeah, we would put on girl costumes and makeup will out of ourselves. But at the end they kick us off at the same time. We we had a we had a really good learning experience and it was it was fun. And after the show, we all kind of, you know, we needed to figure it out and at that time Dom and Ryan were living together cuz you guys met. How did you guys meet again? I meant Dom through Victor. Actually, I don't know why I'm at Victory through Wong Foo through sure that they were doing and then we just happened to get in touch and I'll take all you guys are on this show you guys would like dope. Anyway, me and Victor kept in touch. He introduced me to Quest and just naturally I just like Got along with Dawn and like his style of comedy and stuff like that. So he ended up coming out a couple times and we hung out with Steve Trotta came out and then we just kept in touch. Yeah, pretty much was going to live in LA and Vegas at the same time and I ended up getting an apartment with him in North Hollywood. And then that's where I guess that goes back to you right now. You may be yours at pull something like that. Maybe the year before I met you 12. But anyway, so yeah, it was after ABDC and like YouTube was a pretty big upcoming thing for Dom and you know, he wanted to spend more time and effort into it and I was always like confused about it cuz I actually studied video for school. I went to college for digital media and my plan was to you know do video and then I said I hear Dom getting into this YouTube thing. He's doing good and like yeah, and he was like Greg what kind of camera should I get in? Like, why do you why do you want this expensive a little salty because I was like saving up all my allowance allowance. I was just like really excited to get like this this equipment that Don was just picking up like nothing. How are you? Just getting it for this YouTube thing. I had no interest in you tube at the time. So I was like, okay. Yeah. Well, if you're just know you need this equipment to do this you need is editing style thin basically, I was kind of helping Dom in his early YouTube career and I guess from there he and or you guys were getting really until YouTube and you guys Forum like right TF and all that. Yeah, and you guys needed kind of more help getting stuff out so dumb. I'm offered me, you know a place to stay and out in LA to help him do some videos edit film do some stuff like that. So, you know, I didn't have anything planned but to try and dance some more so I was just going to finish my I finish school and then I was like, okay. Yeah. I just made the leap to to move out to LA and help you guys. Yeah, I think like a pretty big piece of it as well. We didn't mention was when we were younger. Like when we first started hanging out in Step boys. I would probably like 15 or 16 when I first met them and we really like Greg was so he was a really always into like filming and editing and essentially he had like this group of literally clowns, right? So we would make these really stupid funny videos for each other which was what we didn't use you to but you would you would make them on CD I would make them into like yeah DVDs we'd give them to people and that was kind of like our version like we were on YouTube then but that was like what we were doing so that was like the correlation between Dom Knowing Greg's value. No because he was the one that filmed and edited it and like it was just really stupid stuff like that. We said it was like a typical you have exactly two thousand five jackass type stuff. And so that was kind of the correlation between Dom using Greg is like or wanting to hire. I'm in a sense because he knew he was that with waves into is really good at it and went well. I mean you were living with us, but you were you were literally on our couch times we had to it was a two-bedroom place me and Domino Room. You were just living our couch and the couch was not that big it was I'm pretty Tom 5 5 and That the couch was like 2 in too short for me. So I constantly have to sleep late with a little kink in my neck. That's fair and I'm pretty sure I got some back problems. It was a really nice place. It wasn't that rough. We were coming from where we were like stepboys. Yeah, it was like Sprint Ice Wizard did you both move to LA the same time Greg move before me pee was cuz like this point after ABDC like I didn't go on the show. I was still in college and we were all like getting to the point where a really figuring out where are like kind of becoming adults will admit we're figuring out what we want to do. Do you want to keep pursuing dance professionally Greg was like finishing college. So is he going to do dance or film? Like everyone was kind of in that phase and so Greg like after the show, you know, they're what we work might have like done professional in you know, moving to LA and stuff like that. Try to be more dance Greg got this opportunity to do film with them and went ahead. And then remember it was like pretty like a specific time or Greg came back and was like, this is what I'm doing and he had we had like this talk with all step boys about like, you know, Push harder, like let's do some stuff. Like if you want to do a dance if you want to be a dancer and move to LA and dance like we had like this, you know was a serious talk and I remember thinking like, okay. I need to make a change and you know it motivated everyone to like lit the fire and so I just took the leap and I Trent I was going to transfer to LA and so I moved to LA. I don't know how many months after that would have been like probably for three or four months and I just had just took the leap and I was going to transfer school out there and continue my you know college education. And so that's why I like I came after him but I was like the instigator. I like I was trying to move out the entire Dance Crew because they were like my only friend. I didn't know anyone out in LA and have no money. Yeah. I didn't have like any one of the only one I had was Dom Dom was like, you know my Saving Grace, but he was also the only one and only friend that I knew about their. Yeah, so it was kind of a risky jump a man was like something that I was terrified of and I was bleeding all my family or my friends and all for this YouTube thing that there was nothing involved with it was like I didn't know if I was going to get paid. I didn't know if I was going to get those going to be a career that I can actually make money off of work not be financially stable from but at the same time Kind of just knew that it was something something. I don't know. It was I think it was just the the like it was exactly what I wanted to do. I didn't want to work for a big company. But I also wanted to make some big stuff. Like I didn't want to be held back creatively and I felt like this kind of checked all the checks that I needed in life besides the paycheck. So I like I was like, okay, you know what, I'll figure out the money stuff later as long as I get to make some dope stuff on in video and you know, this is going to be worth it. Yeah, so I was like, yeah, we'll come out man like we're going to get so much money. We're going to be all right. Actually, we actually got a good portion of our Dance Crew. You know like come out and I mean like tarell he's with you know, he's doing his thing out there with dom or he was doing his thing with dom. There's green there all kind of from Step boys. I mean they are from stepboys. Well, if you see you like, you know, a lot of people that's in Dom's videos, you know that they're probably from Sacramento and it's a it's a pretty cool family that Sacramento if you don't have never been there and make sense cuz there's nothing to do out there. So I think that's what we kind of like there's nothing to do but tone your crafts and I get better at dancing video or whatever. So it's the pool place is a boring place to live but I was also a very like cultured place. So that's the origin of saying basically to continue the story just a little bit like after Greg had moved I had moved shortly after and then like Greg said, we don't really know anyone. So we me and Greg we hung out like everyday and then sometimes since Brian was Dom's roommate sometimes download be somewhere else like super busy. So we were hanging out with Ryan like Because he was at the house and keep our department and and he was always working and doing YouTube stuff. And so it literally just put us in the same like literally the same room and it just kind of the saint I think the same thing that connected Dom in a sentence like the sense of humor. Like that's what we shared as well cuz it's it's all from the same Dance Crew essentially like well, it's kind of like Malcolm gladwell's outliers in a way. It's is a book we're basically talks about how you are at like the prime age the youngest point you could have been to learn all that you could and MB the right place at the right time. Yeah, I think so like There's nothing wrong with hard work. I meant it never really hurt anyone besides you and your own time. And you know, I do agree and we were in the right place at the right time. Yeah, and it is a very, you know Fortune opportunity for us and Ryan dong especially given us these opportunities, but at the same time if it wasn't for us putting in the hard work to get us to have some type of talent in the first place. They probably wouldn't have even thought of us and it just had perfectly lined up to with you because you were in a phase of your career. Were you if you did want to like Like create like a small crew to help you produce more on a more constant basis, right? Because if we would have met you like a year before it would probably been completely different right? I think originally I didn't even know Greg could do what you could do, right if that's wise. I wanted somebody who can help me shoot for one and have another nobody is around right because I was just so hard to do everything by yourself. And then when I saw what he could do in terms of like his film analysis, like how do you make cuz I would use the camera given my camera. Sometimes he would get a shot and I'll be like, how do you make it look so cinematic he may call, you know, he just do this and this and this and you know, it makes the background blurry and teach you just like my own camera cuz I know how to use it. Right and then I was like when he kind of showed me that stuff I was like damn I just so much things. I did not know what's even possible and that's the main reason why I want to bring Greg on so I think honestly, I think it would have happened still with Greg because I was just like so intrigued with learning like what else is possible every single video of you. Look it's it's it's a progression like from year to year this huge jumps in terms of what we were doing and it's not necessary like you couldn't have done what I could have done it before it's just I was like literally doing what we do now that he is this possible. How can we do this? And you know still keep it within our brand but it does how I progressed. It was a lot of them. I think even you like, you know, like you couldn't even compare your knowledge now to that that version of Grey because you learned so much along the way and you just kept you know, if you didn't know something you never said no, you just looked it up figured it out. Even if sometimes it was wack compared to what you thought I was going to be or even for what I thought was going to be. It's like at least we got it done, you know might not have been exactly how I pictured but the fact that you figured out how to do it is I guess I guess in a way it's it's a good and bad thing to say always say sure you can make this happen that comes from I think for sure comfort. Subways in sense of light whenever it was so weird cuz our our performances. Like I said, they weren't dance good but somehow we made it happen to where whoever is watching. They would either laugh or understand the story. Yeah. I know and a big portion of that came from I think the mentality that we all breeded and definitely like the older guys for sure of like Take this idea and make it happen right now. I think it's just like, you know, you can literally make something out of nothing like you don't need to have all the skills. You need to have talent. You make it have more so just the willingness in the drive to be able to you know, say okay. I got this back then it was like, you know to take for kids dance group known you had a dance but we all wanted to seriously we all wanted to put on a good show like we knew what made us smile and what made us like like a certain dance performance. So we're like, okay, we'll just tweak our abilities and you don't get that same kind of moment. But what are skill? Oh, yeah. Tell her like, you know, we knew we had one guy that had a I could do a backflip. So we utilize bad guy a lot cuz he was you know, it was a gave that idea that the entire crew could do backflips. But you know, we we apply that same kind of idea tote to video. We are not the best video makers on the wharf far from it. There's like so many good effects guys camera people but we try to meet we do our best to get a really good professional Love by the same time will we have the time more than half the time 69% of the time we don't know what the heck were doing 69% of the time just to go back onto the origin and finish a walk through the fast version of people understand. Yes. I met Greg first and it was literally on a project basis. I was just kind of like, you know, it was more dumbs friend and then eventually like, you know, it wasn't consistent enough for you. I think to the point where like I was using me more than Dom I was a ytf slave you were I was getting tossed around. During the Reagan white GF is when I moved out like the heart of it all. Okay, so you came on a little after then. I guess you were the white GIF BTS or if someone needed a video and it was probably my way and then from there you introduced me too. Well already kind of we already kind of bad but like that's where we start hanging out. Like you said we hung out more after that. We I ended up moving back to Vegas cuz I really did not like living in LA and you guys came out to and lived at the cloth, which is the dang down with the cloth is really shave her to say it before so, okay. What's it called is the first house I lived in Vegas and it became the office essentially. I see that come a lot like what house is this? Anyway, I don't think it's ever been officially addressed as that. Well put it in before when they're exposed us anyway from So willing Gregor there, I think the next person might have been Sean, or was it Derek and then he went back to you soon College YouTube stuff anyway to help him after that. I'm going to I'm just going to say Sean. I think it was Sean John finished college and he hit me up. I hit him up to I was just like I always told him for the last time you visited like a if you ever want to get back into making us videos and stuff like that like to come through, you know, like we have a place that cuz they were staying at the house and you know, we had some room and he says yeah, I'm interested in that. I don't think he he what he at the time he was very not interested. I think he was just so over College. Yeah, it was over so that's why he would really want to do it in the Obviously he's back interested in again. But so Sean was there and then eventually you guys moved out right? It was like this weird thing where everybody except Derrick lived at the club. Ya ya at some point. Anyway, Sean came in Derek had just finished a job that he would work with a job walk. He's dancing in a Vegas show, but it was just about to be renewed or the show is just ending and he had the option to either go beyond the show again, or I don't know what it what it was a kid to re-audition or something or he said hey like I want to edit like this is what I went to school for whatever like do you want to another editor? So I said, okay. Well, yeah, I guess we could bring Derek into sweep run in Derek from there. Was it Josh? Yeah, I know I moved out. Where was it that time? I think it was before Josh. No, I don't think so. Okay. Well either way Josh boo even a brief. Of time, but he was in and out here to met him through internet icon. And how was the thing and it's also where I met her. But yeah, I think Josh was here for a little bit Dana came in because of Greg. You said she was coming here. Yeah, it was interior design. But also, you know, we're doing like a long-term relationship and it was just not working and long-term relationship. Yeah, okay. So Dana and then Josh ended up leaving to go work with his parents in Atlanta or LA and then Paco the story. I don't know what have I told the story about him coming we're doing I know specifically we are filming schizo that 30 minutes quetzal is it called Halloween one the Halloweens get so it's all my fault and we'll get to that so comes and he hit me up. You know, we kind of know each other and then he's he's like, hey man, I just want to let you know anytime you you know, I would love to come help just I'll drive out and just get some experience and I was like, all right, we're shooting this really belongs to get Soul episode. Sure. He drove out like I think pretty like some right after right after I rented a car and rented so that's that's one of the things he rented a car drove all the way out from La just to come Beyond set and help us for free. I wasn't paying it just came out. Really hard working cool dude letters does that he kind of reminded me? Yeah, I'll be giving up some of this time and you know just dedicated and towards bettering himself and I was like, this is very impressive. It was like a two-day shoot. I believe right know you guys were shooting at more days. Yeah, but you hit me up on the second day when we're filming at the time. I think you fell asleep during the shoot or something like that to me like I happened and we were all like, you know, whatever cuz he's here for over a day goes at end of that day cuz I had just arrived and we want to shoot like right away if you was working for us. That's weird. But little did we know but anyway, anyway, we'll of all people was like I was like, hey do you think is worth like me Josh just left we could bring this guy on board like we could use the hands like if he edits. I know you Get it because he was making videos of his own. I got scammed and Will was the number one person like fight here like this is going to help. Yeah, because I'm coming out like we really appreciate the time we talked for a long time and he knew exactly and then that's exactly what I thought. It was like you coming out and killing it. Like, of course, you know, something's bound to happen, you know, it's like and that's what happened. But anyway ended up being a part of the group. He's in his in and that's pretty much how he got in. What time do the clouds but but I think we found cuz I was always trying to find out I was like, okay so you don't want to write because what for me like, I mean I was like, okay so you don't want that. It was such a specific. I do have a very specific. No. No, it's just a big head. Okay. Well, we know it's hard because I'm very particular and what I like to always make sense to people but it's just you and if it's down to 0.1 second cut it makes a difference to me. It does once I will say the last thing that Greg was talking about little bit was like Greg's valuing. It was that he was like super into filming and editing and stuff like that people recognize that when I came on like I didn't do any film. I didn't do any editing like we wrote something a little bit in the beginning. I think hopefully like I like to think that that probably at least put me on the radar, but literally if you want to learn something it's not like online is the determination and just wanting to learn something cuz I learned everything from Greg from Ryan from online like searching and just like literally just wanting in like pursuing it. So it's possible like I didn't know how to edit. I don't know how to film and motivational podcast of those take out the whole first half was just going to continue from this point. I just called stepboys the movie and it's just like about inspiration like about a dancer that didn't know how to dance perspiration and they all ended up doing big things. I don't know everybody but I mean as a stripper in the Chippendales, so yeah a real cheap Vegas show like that's not a joke about the hour-mark, which means we don't have time for Twitter questions. We all real quick ones real quick real quick, and I will do one will do one and we're going to pull it from the Reddit page and we're going to I guess we're going to open it up now. I have it. We're going to start utilizing it stinks, but What is like do you watch the old videos still? Cuz I know sometimes you guys do you cringe it it which one is your favorite one? And I want to go to order of Greg will and then Ryan honestly, I will say something about this. That's the one thing that's crazy about. Like I feel like the work that I've done with Ryan is a lot of time I watch old videos. I don't cringe if it was like something that I made like a long time ago up for sure. I would print it but that's why it's like I know it's something really special because I don't know they hold up better than obviously some better than others. But if so, which ones are your favorite then? Stole it good when he said oh my God is everybody so we got to say this because people for whatever reason the ones we love right where me and Greg and we're editing were like dying and sometimes I would like, oh no, we're laughing so hard no one's going to like this than Kaitlyn Dever all the ones we love like a so many of them. I know even the ones that I'm like, this is so bad and that means it's going to do good, you know, and for whatever reason mean Greg and then the final edit if we're dying or like great no one's going to get this there's literally like videos that you guys probably don't know exist that they're my favorite videos just cuz they're so deep but I would say my favorite video would probably be a man. We need some man. There was 100. What's the scary one that we did with Kyle or the Paranormal writers? I like that one that's on my favorite. That is so funny. I mean it was probably yeah, I would probably have to be like one of the big videos. I meant like Candy Crush that was like a really that was the one I was going to say transitional video for us. I think for you. That's what I was like, holy crap. You just created a world and like we never did anything like that and I was like if you can do this and then and then that was your downfall cuz I'm like a gray can do this. That means you can do all these other things and then yeah, I just spiraled from there. Amazing guy that was really fun. Super cool. But then that's another we go back. I don't cringe but I'm like this is compared to some of the stuff he's doing now in terms of a fax. I'm like what is as nothing now, but I mean still it's not nothing even even if you just like put it during that time where you know effects were still pretty new YouTube video ya syahidan good but it was decent for the time for us. It was good. It was like I think of the time Freddie Wong was doing crazier stuff and works like that's his gimmick you no argument is not even about effects just supposed to enhance the comedy always been some there around before Freddy right always looked up to can I machine gunned these know we were out of time. What was your first job gift wrapper at the mall? consequence When's the next episode of Will & Grace show February 2016 right at I'm sorry? No, we're out of town. I just can't go ahead but the reason why I chose a question of what would you guys favorite old videos is that because you recently announced that you were dating Arden at snooze. I just he didn't watch this if I thought it would be kind of cool to see both you and Arden react to agents of secret stuff. No, it's just you pitching an idea what I just I don't think it's a I don't want to I know you don't stuff. Anyway, I mean like yeah, he says, oh it's one of those videos always get so many likes you guys would do it, but I really don't want to so I'm going to say like, I don't even know what are podcasts kids normally but I don't want the last one. I really have to be in the first week cuz he can't just keep adding up and I got to do it. Actually I hate asking for likes though. You don't have to Should I just ask you? Okay, the wealthy I like a lot for a podcast Greg special fine you guys heard the DLC Shrine does a reaction to ask and u n Arden 690000 likes and we watch Shaun and Ryan's not so excellent adventure. We need to end this thing you guys watch. I mean you guys know how we ended so in 3 2 1. Babarita, oh my gosh, that is even deeper. Why dude that is deep enough. That's not the next time.I know that's that's what he gets because of you. You aren't prepared for the rig say my name London will is also good. Yeah, okay. I just want to get the intro out of the way because she has to get back to Lori talk about. Why does he get that thing? I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I was supposed to be for me. I just didn't get the seat. I don't get my decision has ruined it all. Yeah. Well, you know what that is. This is what you guys do when I'm not around, huh? This is pretty much just takes the good job need to add. I want to think we could add hell. Yeah, that would be nice next to you. We should be discussing outside of the table tower right now. We're just going to whine about it. All right to work in progress it is it when we first started I never even watched these things. He has too long. Anyway, the reason why Greg is never has never been on a podcast is most of the time Greg has editing pretty much all the time. That's the only reason why and if he's on here he's not editing. He's not editing. We're probably going to be an additional an additional week behind so it's true but then but then this week, I think we're going to make it work. Yeah, we'll we'll said no, but he's the one editing this one but that's all these podcast because we're not going to miss a week. So like I don't know if we should talk about the video that we're about to put out cuz I don't know if it's going to be out yet this like the most largest amount of footage. We've had ya on one person in a really long time. Yeah. Yeah, it needs to be out. Oh, you mean green has last video how to make a video not make sense, but it's the worst intro ever it is Yeah, we decide to do a four-person podcast today. Don't worry. We're going to get DNA and at some point we want to keep Greg and Dana separate though ever. They're not the same person. Do not like twins wear that the same. / I'm just kidding we get the ones that were related your twins. Actually. Well as your just reward for the racism. Okay. Greater Joe guys. What a grated. I know. All right, let's try and do something different this week said last week we jumped in it with and that's why but I want to try and do something. We're like, you know that the start of the podcast just to get it rolling a little bit better since our second half is always better. I wanted to try and see if we could start up like with what made you laugh the hardest most recent cuz then you kind of get the giggles going and then you kind of get into storytelling mode and you're ready to all right, you start then. All right idea thing to me. This week was interacting with Ryan's dad because at the last video where outside and it was really cold for us release and it was outside. It was in the forties, but for Ryan's dad, he's from Hawaii, which is a lot warmer. So we are like, he's Gasol. What's the temperature and we're like, oh, it's the father. 3 degrees what? No, it's not and then we pulled out a phone and showed him 40° and he goes. Yeah, but that was in your pocket. So it's probably warmer in there and we all started dying cuz he thought it was a thermometer and it was the greatest it was the greatest thing. You have to understand. He has a flip phone still doesn't know how to answer calls. He knows how to send calls upgrade over the past couple years. He doesn't he doesn't answer any of my calls or my mom's and he yeah, that means he only can make calls. I don't know why he doesn't answer it just outside with the SD cards for the cameras and he was like, what is that? And I was like, this is like a camera is this what we film film and he said no, Did not understand technology at all. Like you probably couldn't turn on a computer. I can probably I would like to see The Rare Breed that of people who don't understand technology. Whatever you guys would have something that made you laugh really hard recently collapsed here. Yeah, I mean I wish you would have told us you were asking me what you think about it. She's like you were really prepared now or are we aren't you guys are good out on the spot know I have nothing that I can think of right now. I think that I read it is something that I like that but we are not sure I think we can just say it go for it because it probably will be out right we'll know it'll be out. So we did a Ryan tries ghost hunting video and it's kind of based off of an inspired by Ghost Adventures. I just always wanted to do that. I don't know if you guys heading to ask you guys but you guys believe in ghosts. We talked about how we talked about before or after our experience. I mean, okay before and after has it changed even not even goes the last video. Yeah, because like I don't have any hard evidence that they did exist and have any hard evidence that they didn't exist. I don't know what yeah, and so I was like, I was just going into it with an open mind like I will see what happens you didn't so you didn't really I know you don't have evidence. But did you believe I was more inclined to be open to the idea of goes after that? Okay. Yeah. What was it just like the whole experience. Yeah. I kind of like certain things that just couldn't be explained like what that yeah. Yeah. I thought you were very like ghosty Zooper believer. Cat for sure and that experience just kind of solidified it for me. Yeah, that whole thing was just it was I felt like going into it was nothing like I thought it was going to be just like this cheesy tour That We Takin you were going to be kind of like, you know overhyping it but man I'm a firm believer now, I'm extra firm before though not back to the firm. Yeah. I mean, I believe in a lot of things so it's a ghost is just one of those things that when things I believe I believe in in in Zombies, I've been preparing for zombies for a while. So I think seriously, I mean you believe it is it's a possibility sure or that they already exist. And I keep that in the back of my mind and prepare for it. Yeah, I guess so. Me when I feel like I'm pretty neutral on it still I feel like last time we talked about it. I feel very much the same way like I'm not going to discredit people from having their own experiences. So that's why I can't really say like all they don't exist. Like I'm not going to be like, you know Paco had this experience and say that wasn't real because obviously was real to him. I just haven't had like a personal experience and I'm going there at that to her. It was really it was fun. Like it was a really awesome experience to like play with the tools and like get to all the tools that you see on like those goes exactly. What is it called that goes ba talk about all those things. I was just like it's very interesting and the score to see what each one dead. Yeah. Yeah. So, I don't know. I'm still maybe I'm like a little bit in leaning a little bit more towards believing after that experience because everything adds up to what you know, you're all your experiences, you know, create your web you believe in but for me. I don't know that said you never answer that you never had any personal experience. That's why you're I mean that says yeah the story already on the other podcasts about my experience. So I'm not going to go through that again. But like I was in a grown-up in Hawaii Sean. I used to go Sun all the time and we should go like all the most haunted spot. All the legends never saw anything. So I never believed and then just randomly that one night happened then I kind of lean the other way, but I'm Steven then you can before we did the tour. I was still kind of I don't know kind of skeptic right when she brought the other devices. I was like when they could easily tampered with this stuff to make it in any somebody outside controlling it but then there was some just some things like Paco said I couldn't really explain it doesn't make sense. So that was a little freaky. I think there's one experience that will had that you didn't really share with people with the the Box That when it kind of like glitched out in the battery died. Yeah. Well, I mean it's it was one that I mean, we'll try to put in the video but it was never really had like an ending to that segment really like the scary part cuz it just kind of ended and we were all like wait what just happened? Yeah, like what it basically it was like a tool that it was like a dictionary of words and somehow like through energy or whatever the its. They think that the ghosts can he not essentially manipulate the device to pick a certain word this kind of modern-day Ouija board. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly without you having to spell it out yet. Like they just like text it to you. And so when we were at like it just we were really like into finding this like Brian was getting like a big meter and like the device was going off and then all of a sudden like we haven't really had too much activity on this thing. This thing like goes crazy in it put out like six or seven words and I can only pick out like two or three two of them were Japanese and present and I immediately thought like okay, of course, they're like understanding that we have a lot of Japanese people here and you're saying that you're Japanese atomy. I honestly thought like we think I'm talking to Greg about this was like they'd be okay with that cuz that's what I was saying cuz there was also before that it was like I believe or like go or not. What was it like in the way there was something that other words are like to leave this place was built or around in 1913 and you know, that's like around the time when it's not around the time but let's say these people you know, what we're 20 years older 30 years older and it's around the world World War II right 1940s, which is very Potter. It was around then those people could have been around then and that's when you All the Japanese bomb Pearl Harbor, I mean it could be some animosity. I don't know. I was probably the most Japanese people in that bar or Saloon. So here's the real question question. Soundbite ready can ghosts be racist. Shoot, I mean mean for their time they didn't have well, I mean if I had their version of super inappropriate, but that's exactly what I thought like immediately. That's how I saw it and I went like I really thought about that like if you know different time, yeah, I was a completely different time like without affect them how they would an interactive, you know, people know crazy. It is crazy. So if you guys were ghosts and you you could select what time era did you get Aunt and where what would it be selected? What kind of question is under? 60 minutes? Yeah. Yeah right. Now you guys are asking that question, which is just keep unplugging you. Is Mike's don't know we always have issues and we start podcast for whatever reason it might be a ghost in one of those John's goes like he's not dead but audio equipment and if I would you say that about Sean what you say you're going to do that actually could lead to another topic we want to bring up cuz it's very dark. Didn't start off pretty dark. How did you guys feel when you hear about the whole thing? Just hearing that word? That wasn't even my brother's Cat by the way, I want videos of momo in the podcaster. Okay right now it's scary. Anyway the first I mean, I saw it on my Facebook timeline men's one of the I don't get scared easily, but I just was scrolling. I'll just what the My friends like the edited their photos or whatever, He was a sculptor something like that art piece of some sort, but it was very weird buy it. Like I was like, I don't want to see this young get scared easily, but it was a hoax right before it was like reported somebody who believe that it would get younger kids are audiences to do. Dangerous challenges that could lead to death such as like a turning the gas stove on and then just let him know I was repo it was reported on that someone in Sacramento right some Lady in Sacramento had a daughter who said that she had a daughter supposedly that turned on the gas stove because a YouTube video of Momo I told her to do that or Challenger something like that. I don't know but it was it was debunked that that person with making that up. Wow. That's crazy. I did not know that it's actually a challenge how many people were saying that I feel like it was like that lady was just like or I don't know who it was who started it was just like hey, I want like some kind of attention like I can't believe like somebody knowing people like to post I can't believe this is what's wrong with the world or whatever like it was going to pose. I don't know. I'm friends with a lot of older people make smells like they like to be outraged. Yeah, right. Yeah. That's like that's when I saw it again, that's crazy. But like she does. But that could actually happen now that could start because somebody created that that hold ya and I mean no there's no reported incidences of like actual things that happen right now. You're not not according to the Articles. I read or anything like that. Yeah. I'm not that I know of that is scary. I think it's really a shame too because it kind of sheds like negative light a little bit on YouTube in a sense to people who don't really maybe maybe someone will never know about this being a hoax. You don't like from older generation whatever and now they have you know, it's kind of giving them another reason to not I mean, that's kind of what I think when I hear it's like meant that I'm glad it's a hoax of course, but it's like kind of kind of unfortunate, you know, it's kind of like I don't know. Do you guys remember and you like hoaxes or stuff when you were a kid? Cuz I don't even know if there are hoax or not. But I remember as a kid. My mom would constantly get these emails that would alert are like kids in like a western us have been getting dealt drugs that are passed off as Pop Rocks and then when you eat them like you can be so strong that children died and so she would be like you can't eat pop rocks anymore. I never heard of that. That's why I don't know if those are hoaxes seems like the same kind of thing though, but there was one thing that isn't a hoax that sounds like one and it's called jenkem. Have you guys ever heard that goes jacoje Jenga jenkem jenkem where people would pee and poop into a balloon and then smell it afterwards. Like a like for a man's or something like that porta potty for Define smell poop. Some people got them crazy fetishes man. Apparently. I'm a hundred percent. I remember like Expedia didn't think about that. I'm wrong. I'm wrong. I mean don't don't even at Duke Duke moonshine. Oh my God. Is this a joke in the mid-1990s? It was reported to be a popular street drug amongst Zambian Street children. What does Ambien well, I mean, On the Momo topic that artist kudos to them for making something so scary face or something. Yeah, I'm scared. I've been swiped past pictures of my feet so fast ever since like I was in high school of your feet by feet made my Instagram feed. Hay I got that fetish boys. I mean that's why I was impressed that you came. I mean like I did I asked you I was like, are you willing to film this goes hunting episode? Cuz I know anyone in the group Greg is probably the most afraid of those babies Dana maybe Dana Christina came with us to watch The Conjuring 2, he wasn't there, but I'm sure he would not have wanted to go watch that Tina did I don't even like watching the movies you guys watch like Conjuring. I still don't come with us. I hate those. They're scary dude. Yeah, I like them. Do you think what I guess it's because you're a Believer. I think it's just like all right, so I'm not scared of like zombies and werewolves and vampires cuz you can you can fight those things. Right but like ghosts and stuff like there's our demons. Yeah, like Chucky like scary movies as a kid, but when I got yay or the ring girl, I was like if she calls on my TV, I was acting like, you know, like in Scary Movie 3 the TV and then he starts beating her ass. That's exactly how I think it would go to this little girl. It was decomposed. I I mean like she's like you she should be able to break. You know, I mean like your skin is breaking your bones. Rotting smells like that Zimbabwe stuff. You were probably see how she would come at me and I'm already playing how I'm going to take her down get behind her. Snap your neck. Is there such thing as there's no such thing as a judo chop, actually, you know, what if someone is grabbing your lapel you could chop your hand on but it's not a real thing. That's not Lisa's you ought to know Judo kick, either they've done. But anyway, I just thought it was kind of shocked. So even at some points cuz Greg will go off and get equipment and you know do things on his own without anybody else around the other night when we were filming I was shocked that you were like just going off on your own I turned on like when I get into film mode don't even think anymore just like Autopilot. Yeah, I was just feeling so the crazy thing was when I was filming later on down to it during the day. Like we just kept having a camera equipment failure like our batteries keep dying and stuff like that and I was just thought that was creeping me out kind of broke me out of my, you know, all this stuff that never happened never happens and he said it might be cuz it's supposed to be like that goes are pulling energy from you. No electronics, whatever and Paco's phone went off randomly, even though he had for service and even then I was still skeptical. I was like device that's making spaghetti MPG exactly. Yeah, then my phone was my know what time everybody else. I was just like random, you know moments that we didn't even get to get on camera a lot of time cuz yeah, it was just like we're setting up. Yeah, it was all scared that we were going to get the shots honestly because I was like, I have two batteries they die instantly and a half to use the specific infrared camera to get these And it was like kind of dog was making me scared. Like I want to get this dispute shots. I can't so I don't know why I feel like you could find a ghost how Sage cross prayer when you think about it. Like when there is a ghost most times. They're just scaring you. I like it. You don't hear about a ghost that killing anyone that's maybe because it's a demon that you got possessed or how often to hear about that real life or same with most times. It's somebody, you know, just scaring getting scared cuz they saw something but they'd never liked that my hair is a well. Okay, that's not even a salt. That's probably your hair like well, I mean, I don't want to get too much into the video because we just giving away the whole thing just in case instead of talking about this out the energy between both Greg and Find so a lot of people lost since the process and how how well you guys work together. So like with a lot of the videos are most Ryan will write the full strip have like some wild ideas cuz like you said another podcast he likes to push his ideas and see like, oh is this possible make I want to try something new every time and he'll come up the Greg and Greg is someone who never says no, he's always like okay we can do that. Yeah. So speaking on that you can just recently middle of fixing another at it and I just text him randomly had this idea and basically I was just like hey, do you think it's possible to do this? And Before I even had a chance to answer I was like wait I have to rephrase that because Greg is always going to say it's possible cuz you'll find a way but it's a matter of like, okay, is it going to be worth putting the time in two? And because Greg always figured out how to do anything it might take two months, but you'll figure it out just like I mean like to worry about the fortnite one. I mean, obviously there's a lot of facts in that and stuff like that, but I asked you is it how possible is this the bill Dayton Tire Fort, you know, we have to build it in real life or is it easier to make an effect for it? And you said it's possible some okay, but it's a matter of like how possible and in a realistic time. Usually, it's I look at the the thing on paper or your text message or whatever and on paper it looks It looks way more doable than you know in actuality. So I often times jump the gun and I usually just say yes just to kind of like, you know, just so I can start thinking about it. Cuz once I know something we're actually going to do something that's when like my brain kind of starts putting the pieces together and doing all the logistics but sometimes it is impossible, but we're too far into it that you can't turn back now will select the example as you know it on the exposed video the music video we did. I was just pitching ideas with with you and I was like, this is so much post work like I didn't I didn't have an idea for that bridge part. I know what I want to see I want to see all of these little screens right as well as we're spinning around which we did but I didn't know how it was in your idea. And what if all those screens ends up being you I was like, yeah, that's awesome. And because you said I was like it it's doable. But I mean you did it you did it affect some stuff that we do. I mean, it's me see all over Hollywood all the time. Like anything is possible nowadays specially with today's technology what they have a lot of time and that's what that's what kind of hold this back. It's just, you know, like technology Manpower and just time but like the ideas that's kind of like a where I guess me and Ryan, shine cuz he'll write something and I will kind of see it a completely different way. And it we don't really combine our ideas until like Midway when we're kind of we both got an idea of where where heads are at. So sometimes it's like two completely different videos are two completely different ideas coming together and sometimes it works. Sometimes it sometimes it's a know sometimes it's like mid like filming. Yeah, like all this is not what I was exactly what every every week. It ends up most times. We tried at least make it work, even if that means getting rid of something but I mean that's that's usually the process for that for the most part. Yeah, sometimes Ryan like fully leave some sections blank, you know, like whenever we do like a connection type video like a like a Miley Cyrus, will you call that video like conspiracy conspiracy theory Shawn Ryan goes into his Ryan math stuff where you just connecting the dots and he doesn't really know how to visualize that yeah. connected weather like Like if there's no specific Direction on those then what a lot of Greg's good at is fear, like visually, I think you see everything visually. Yeah, that's where I seen things more like math equation. Right? Right, and that's why it helps cuz it's like we're working to different parts of our brains if that makes sense. It's a half a brain kind of but yeah, that's that's kind of like what? Yeah man processes. Like I will say the very first kind of experience that kind of relates to this like your question is like when we first started working with Ryan Palmer in Los Angeles, and it was me and Greg and like I was going to be starting to beat your ass and Greg was just starting to do effects on first channel and it was The eye one you were there for that. Yeah, you were there for the gear Rhino. Can you open your eyes less? I know that's a person. I like that's the way it came out to Vegas. Yeah, but that one was I feel like your eyelid opening of you were like, holy cow. Like I have always had ideas I want to do but you couldn't do them on your own. So when you had literally like the capability to now do these like graphic or CGI kind of bigger ideas their kind of more. I don't know. You just can't edit them like cutting scene just like you obviously had to spend time if you're not familiar with it somewhere. It's your mind. Can you open your eyes and he goes his ice cut get something is really really big Greg like maybe 3 the eyes of chest building and then for whatever reason Using Beatrix think like even if I could see it in my head and I have never done anything like iMovie. I think Zachary's no way. I'll let you be like green screen, which I kind experimented with did not know what I was doing, but I didn't know that was possible and I just open the door for so much work exactly have so much more time spiraled out of control and then we went downhill from there just know that I mean that seems like an interesting you guys started talking about your origin story almost. Yeah, but before we go into our origin story, I think it's about time we hit that halfway mark. We are where they're already is we are and we were talking about girls for a while, huh? She should break break. Do you have to Sushi Zushi again again? I pray for you. Good, I should do the break. What the what is the March it up a little bit like I mean, I'm about to explain why are you so mad because you cut me off like always was that mean though. What up, I just got to big lie. Cuz once we got one sponsor we've never begged for another that is true podcast were like you guys were trying to get Sean on a piping job volunteering job. And I think he actually got a job. I'll really yeah. I just talked to him. Well, I don't I don't know if I should say it's not my place, but I don't know for sure, but I'm pretty I'm pretty sure you may or may not have gotten a job. I'm not saying because of the podcast by the way, it's a tide he was looking to get a volunteer to try to just volunteer cuz they weren't letting him volunteer which I thought was weird, but it makes sense now, but yeah, he is I think he may or may not have gotten a job. Well, maybe congrats Sean maybe congrats Sean. So kind of like And we're back and we're back out real quick, and then we're supposed to be like hey, and thank you so much, too. Something for sponsoring this as she she break turns away sponsors that we call her. She should break. I don't think they even know what it is it that way that we just landed. Before. Yeah, but they don't watch the before they just look at the views. Let's talk about was how did you guys meet and it kind of include all three of you more than a lot a lot of people. So this is the real story because we made the animated thing. That was I mean it was it was in the right order kind of it was kind of the story of Noah's birthday joke. I'm not a stripper stripper and you took that seriously ill people took it serious. That's why I was like they didn't say thank you. You really think they thought you were stripper, but I'm like look at my body. Do I look like I have the receipt for that. Yeah. You're very muscular Bobby pay a couple bucks. Anyway, I'll let you guys I can fill in the blanks but I mean, yeah right was first so I started a man may be like back in once a junior high when we used to go to school together me will I didn't go to Junior High with you. That's right high school high school high school what we all kind of lived in the same area. We are me will Dana were from Sacramento, California, which is where Dominic D-Trix in a few others are there. They're all kind of like from a certain area and we grew up together. We went to the same high school together and eventually start a dance group called The Boys is a hip-hop dance crew got out and it originated with a few guys and then eventually we picked up. Wil Willis our dance. What does I am in addition to will is D-Trix and that was when we kind of took Dance seriously and we started training we started doing competitions and dance was like our main jam and then Dom got so good at dancing. He actually went on to a few shows. He went on to a minute left us you did leave us and we actually sent him away. We were like, you're so good. We're holding you back. Please don't go. I mean, please go do this thing and you did he went and killed it and he did that. We can't he was like we were so freaking like Proud of how it like we never thought like one of the people that we are with you don't know he went to America's First So You Think You Can Dance and he just like did so well on it and came back and didn't win but he made a name for himself or for sure. And from there. He went on to America's Best Dance Crew with Wes, which should have been the boys salty not a good dancer friends out there and they're all amazing draw like really good guys. So and they won and they want we would have but later on down the road. Beatrice can do we could do it that stuff. Is it easy bro? So we actually did try and we did get the show. So that's another which one is Fallen Fallen Kingdom still see some of that we all looked up to when we said dancing in Sacramento. He was like up professional breakdancer that we were all like when he when we saw him. I was kind of intimidated by him and now I like super look up to him though. He was super dope. He was a traveling like dancer and they would go with other countries and they would win in life. We like we would never been in Do that kind of stuff cuz you weren't the best dancers, but we can make good shows. Yeah, we were with our Forte performers, like literally circus clowns made other dancers laugh when you are on America's Best Dance Crew logo was a mustache and like you were the mascot basically and it was not about like, oh you guys can do the best flips or you guys have the best stunts there's a little bit of everything but the things you guys have was comedy Dom was he was the judge at the gym on the show? You would kind of tell us a keynote behind-the-scenes stuff and he was like, yeah, you guys might need to step up your game. Cuz I producers there. They're like, they really want you guys off to show you guys cannot dance at all. We can dance little Jean. So yeah, we would put on girl costumes and makeup will out of ourselves. But at the end they kick us off at the same time. We we had a we had a really good learning experience and it was it was fun. And after the show, we all kind of, you know, we needed to figure it out and at that time Dom and Ryan were living together cuz you guys met. How did you guys meet again? I meant Dom through Victor. Actually, I don't know why I'm at Victory through Wong Foo through sure that they were doing and then we just happened to get in touch and I'll take all you guys are on this show you guys would like dope. Anyway, me and Victor kept in touch. He introduced me to Quest and just naturally I just like Got along with Dawn and like his style of comedy and stuff like that. So he ended up coming out a couple times and we hung out with Steve Trotta came out and then we just kept in touch. Yeah, pretty much was going to live in LA and Vegas at the same time and I ended up getting an apartment with him in North Hollywood. And then that's where I guess that goes back to you right now. You may be yours at pull something like that. Maybe the year before I met you 12. But anyway, so yeah, it was after ABDC and like YouTube was a pretty big upcoming thing for Dom and you know, he wanted to spend more time and effort into it and I was always like confused about it cuz I actually studied video for school. I went to college for digital media and my plan was to you know do video and then I said I hear Dom getting into this YouTube thing. He's doing good and like yeah, and he was like Greg what kind of camera should I get in? Like, why do you why do you want this expensive a little salty because I was like saving up all my allowance allowance. I was just like really excited to get like this this equipment that Don was just picking up like nothing. How are you? Just getting it for this YouTube thing. I had no interest in you tube at the time. So I was like, okay. Yeah. Well, if you're just you know, you need this equipment to do this you need is editing style thin basically, I was kind of helping Dom in his early YouTube career and I guess from there he and or you guys were getting really until YouTube and you guys Forum like right TF and all that. Yeah, and you guys needed kind of more help getting stuff out so dumb. I'm offered me, you know a place to stay and out in LA to help him do some videos edit film do some stuff like that. So, you know, I didn't have anything planned but to try and dance some more so I was just going to finish my I finish school and then I was like, okay. Yeah. I just made the leap to to move out to LA and help you guys. Yeah, I think like a pretty big piece of it as well. We didn't mention was when we were younger. Like when we first started hanging out in Step boys. I would probably like 15 or 16 when I first met them and we really like Greg was so he was a really always into like filming and editing and essentially he had like this group of literally clowns, right? So we would make these really stupid funny videos for each other which was what we didn't use you to but you would you would make them on CD I would make them into like yeah DVDs we'd give them to people and that was kind of like our version like we were on YouTube then but that was like what we were doing so that was like the correlation between Dom Knowing Greg's value. No because he was the one that filmed and edited it and like it was just really stupid stuff like that. We said it was like a typical you have exactly two thousand five jackass type stuff. And so that was kind of the correlation between Dom using Greg is like or wanting to hire. I'm in a sense because he knew he was that with waves into is really good at it and went well. I mean you were living with us, but you were you were literally on our couch times we had to it was a two-bedroom place me and Domino Room. You were just living our couch and the couch was not that big it was I'm pretty Tom 5 5 and That the couch was like 2 in too short for me. So I constantly have to sleep late with a little kink in my neck. That's fair and I'm pretty sure I got some back problems. It was a really nice place. It wasn't that rough. We were coming from where we were like stepboys. Yeah, it was like Sprint Ice Wizard did you both move to LA the same time Greg move before me pee was cuz like this point after ABDC like I didn't go on the show. I was still in college and we were all like getting to the point where a really figuring out where are like kind of becoming adults will admit we're figuring out what we want to do. Do you want to keep pursuing dance professionally Greg was like finishing college. So is he going to do dance or film? Like everyone was kind of in that phase and so Greg like after the show, you know, they're what we work might have like done professional in you know, moving to LA and stuff like that. Try to be more dance Greg got this opportunity to do film with them and went ahead. And then remember it was like pretty like a specific time or Greg came back and was like, this is what I'm doing and he had we had like this talk with all step boys about like, you know, Push harder, like let's do some stuff. Like if you want to do a dance if you want to be a dancer and move to LA and dance like we had like this, you know was a serious talk and I remember thinking like, okay. I need to make a change and you know it motivated everyone to like lit the fire and so I just took the leap and I Trent I was going to transfer to LA and so I moved to LA. I don't know how many months after that would have been like probably for three or four months and I just had just took the leap and I was going to transfer school out there and continue my you know college education. And so that's why I like I came after him but I was like the instigator. I like I was trying to move out the entire Dance Crew because they were like my only friend. I didn't know anyone out in LA and have no money. Yeah. I didn't have like any one of the only one I had was Dom Dom was like, you know my Saving Grace, but he was also the only one and only friend that I knew about their. Yeah, so it was kind of a risky jump a man was like something that I was terrified of and I was bleeding all my family or my friends and all for this YouTube thing that there was nothing involved with it was like I didn't know if I was going to get paid. I didn't know if I was going to get those going to be a career that I can actually make money off of work not be financially stable from but at the same time Kind of just knew that it was something something. I don't know. It was I think it was just the the like it was exactly what I wanted to do. I didn't want to work for a big company. But I also wanted to make some big stuff. Like I didn't want to be held back creatively and I felt like this kind of checked all the checks that I needed in life besides the paycheck. So I like I was like, okay, you know what, I'll figure out the money stuff later as long as I get to make some dope stuff on in video and you know, this is going to be worth it. Yeah, so I was like, yeah, we'll come out man like we're going to get so much money. We're going to be all right. Actually, we actually got a good portion of our Dance Crew. You know like come out and I mean like tarell he's with you know, he's doing his thing out there with dom or he was doing his thing with dom. There's green there all kind of from Step boys. I mean they are from stepboys. Well, if you see you like, you know, a lot of people that's in Dom's videos, you know that they're probably from Sacramento and it's a it's a pretty cool family that Sacramento if you don't have never been there and make sense cuz there's nothing to do out there. So I think that's what we kind of like there's nothing to do but tone your crafts and I get better at dancing video or whatever. So it's the pool place is a boring place to live but I was also a very like cultured place. So that's the origin of saying basically to continue the story just a little bit like after Greg had moved I had moved shortly after and then like Greg said, we don't really know anyone. So we me and Greg we hung out like everyday and then sometimes since Brian was Dom's roommate sometimes download be somewhere else like super busy. So we were hanging out with Ryan like Because he was at the house and keep our department and and he was always working and doing YouTube stuff. And so it literally just put us in the same like literally the same room and it just kind of the saint I think the same thing that connected Dom in a sentence like the sense of humor. Like that's what we shared as well cuz it's it's all from the same Dance Crew essentially like well, it's kind of like Malcolm gladwell's outliers in a way. It's is a book we're basically talks about how you are at like the prime age the youngest point you could have been to learn all that you could and MB the right place at the right time. Yeah, I think so like There's nothing wrong with hard work. I meant it never really hurt anyone besides you and your own time. And you know, I do agree and we were in the right place at the right time. Yeah, and it is a very, you know Fortune opportunity for us, you know, Ryan Dom, especially given us these opportunities, but at the same time if it wasn't for us putting in the hard work to get us to have some type of talent in the first place. They probably wouldn't have even thought of us and it just had perfectly lined up to with you because you were in a phase of your career were you you did want to like Like create like a small crew to help you produce more on a more constant basis, right? Because if we would have met you like a year before it would probably been completely different right? I think originally I didn't even know Greg could do what you could do, right if that's wise. I wanted somebody who can help me shoot for one and have another nobody is around right because I was just so hard to do everything by yourself. And then when I saw what he could do in terms of like his film analysis, like how do you make cuz I would use the camera given my camera. Sometimes he would get a shot and I'll be like, how do you make it look so cinematic he may call, you know, he just do this and this and this and you know, it makes the background blurry and teach you just like my own camera cuz I know how to use it. Right and then I was like when he kind of showed me that stuff I was like damn I just so much things. I did not know what's even possible and that's the main reason why I want to bring Greg on so I think honestly, I think it would have happened still with Greg because I was just like so intrigued with learning like what else is possible every single video of you. Look it's it's it's a progression like from year to year this huge jumps in terms of what we were doing and it's not necessary like you couldn't have done what I could have done it before it's just I was like literally doing what we do now that he is this possible. How can we do this? And you know still keep it within our brand but it does how I progressed. It was a lot of them. I think even you like, you know, like you couldn't even compare your knowledge now to that that version of Grey because you learned so much along the way and you just kept you know, if you didn't know something you never said no, you just looked it up figured it out. Even if sometimes it was wack compared to what you thought I was going to be or even for what I thought was going to be. It's like at least we got it done, you know might not have been exactly how I pictured but the fact that you figured out how to do it is I guess I guess in a way it's it's a good and bad thing to say always say sure you can make this happen that comes from I think for sure comfort. Subways in sense of light whenever it was so weird cuz our our performances. Like I said, they weren't dance good but somehow we made it happen to where whoever is watching. They would either laugh or understand the story. Yeah. I know and a big portion of that came from I think the mentality that we all breeded and definitely like the older guys for sure of like Take this idea and make it happen right now. I think it's just like, you know, you can literally make something out of nothing like you don't need to have all the skills. You need to have talent. You make it have more so just the willingness in the drive to be able to you know, say okay. I got this back then it was like, you know to take for kids dance group known you had a dance but we all wanted to seriously we all wanted to put on a good show like we knew what made us smile and what made us like like a certain dance performance. So we're like, okay, we'll just tweak our abilities and you don't get that same kind of moment. But what are skill? Oh, yeah. Tell her like, you know, we knew we had one guy that had a I could do a backflip. So we utilize bad guy a lot cuz he was you know, it was a gave that idea that the entire crew could do backflips. But you know, we we apply that same kind of idea tote to video. We are not the best video makers on the wharf far from it. There's like so many good effects guys camera people but we try to meet we do our best to get a really good professional Love by the same time will we have the time more than half the time 69% of the time we don't know what the heck were doing 69% of the time just to go back onto the origin and finish a walk through the fast version of people understand. Yes. I met Greg first and it was literally on a project basis. I was just kind of like, you know, it was more dumbs friend and then eventually like, you know, it wasn't consistent enough for you. I think to the point where like I was using me more than Dom I was a ytf slave you were I was getting tossed around. During the Reagan white GF is when I moved out like the heart of it all. Okay, so you came on a little after then. I guess you were the white GIF BTS or if someone needed a video and it was probably my way and then from there you introduced me too. Well already kind of we already kind of bad but like that's where we start hanging out. Like you said we hung out more after that. We I ended up moving back to Vegas cuz I really did not like living in LA and you guys came out to and lived at the cloth, which is the dang down with the cloth is really shave her to say it before so, okay. What's it called is the first house I lived in Vegas and it became the office essentially. I see that come a lot like what house is this? Anyway, I don't think it's ever been officially addressed as that. Well put it in before when they're exposed us anyway from So willing Gregor there, I think the next person might have been Sean, or was it Derek and then he went back to you soon College YouTube stuff anyway to help him after that. I'm going to I'm just going to say Sean. I think it was Sean John finished college and he hit me up. I hit him up to I was just like I always told him for the last time you visited like a if you ever want to get back into making us videos and stuff like that like to come through, you know, like we have a place that cuz they were staying at the house and you know, we had some room and he says yeah, I'm interested in that. I don't think he he what he at the time he was very not interested. I think he was just so over College. Yeah, it was over so that's why he would really want to do it in the Obviously he's back interested in again. But so Sean was there and then eventually you guys moved out right? It was like this weird thing where everybody except Derrick lived at the club. Ya ya at some point. Anyway, Sean came in Derek had just finished a job that he would work with a job walk. He's dancing in a Vegas show, but it was just about to be renewed or the show is just ending and he had the option to either go beyond the show again, or I don't know what it what it was a kid to re-audition or something or he said hey like I want to edit like this is what I went to school for whatever like do you want to another editor? So I said, okay. Well, yeah, I guess we could bring Derek into sweep run in Derek from there. Was it Josh? Yeah, I know I moved out. Where was it that time? I think it was before Josh. No, I don't think so. Okay. Well either way Josh boo even a brief. Of time, but he was in and out here to met him through internet icon. And how was the thing and it's also where I met her. But yeah, I think Josh was here for a little bit Dana came in because of Greg. You said she was coming here. Yeah, it was interior design. But also, you know, we're doing like a long-term relationship and it was just not working and long-term relationship. Yeah, okay. So Dana and then Josh ended up leaving to go work with his parents in Atlanta or LA and then Paco the story. I don't know what have I told the story about him coming we're doing I know specifically we are filming schizo that 30 minutes quetzal is it called Halloween one the Halloweens get so it's all my fault and we'll get to that so comes and he hit me up. You know, we kind of know each other and then he's he's like, hey man, I just want to let you know anytime you you know, I would love to come help just I'll drive out and just get some experience and I was like, all right, we're shooting this really belongs to get Soul episode. Sure. He drove out like I think pretty like some right after right after I rented a car and rented so that's that's one of the things he rented a car drove all the way out from La just to come Beyond set and help us for free. I wasn't paying it just came out. Really hard working cool dude letters does that he kind of reminded me? Yeah, I'll be giving up some of this time and you know just dedicated and towards bettering himself and I was like, this is very impressive. It was like a two-day shoot. I believe right know you guys were shooting at more days. Yeah, but you hit me up on the second day when we're filming at the time. I think you fell asleep during the shoot or something like that to me like I happened and we were all like, you know, whatever cuz he's here for over a day goes at end of that day cuz I had just arrived and we want to shoot like right away if you was working for us. That's weird. But little did we know but anyway, anyway, we'll of all people was like I was like, hey do you think is worth like me Josh just left we could bring this guy on board like we could use the hands like if he edits. I know you Get it because he was making videos of his own. I got scammed and Will was the number one person like fight here like this is going to help. Yeah, because I'm coming out like we really appreciate the time we talked for a long time and he knew exactly and then that's exactly what I thought. It was like you coming out and killing it. Like, of course, you know, something's bound to happen, you know, it's like and that's what happened. But anyway ended up being a part of the group. He's in his in and that's pretty much how he got in. What time do the clouds but but I think we found cuz I was always trying to find out I was like, okay so you don't want to write because what for me like, I mean I was like, okay so you don't want that. It was such a specific. I do have a very specific. No. No, it's just a big head. Okay. Well, we know it's hard because I'm very particular and what I like to always make sense to people but it's just you and if it's down to 0.1 second cut it makes a difference to me. It does once I will say the last thing that Greg was talking about little bit was like Greg's valuing. It was that he was like super into filming and editing and stuff like that people recognize that when I came on like I didn't do any film. I didn't do any editing like we wrote something a little bit in the beginning. I think hopefully like I like to think that that probably at least put me on the radar, but literally if you want to learn something it's not like online is the determination and just wanting to learn something cuz I learned everything from Greg from Ryan from online like searching and just like literally just wanting in like pursuing it. So it's possible like I didn't know how to edit. I don't know how to film and motivational podcast of those take out the whole first half was just going to continue from this point. I just called stepboys the movie and it's just like about inspiration like about a dancer that didn't know how to dance perspiration and they all ended up doing big things. I don't know everybody but I mean as a stripper in the Chippendales, so yeah a real cheap Vegas show like that's not a joke about the hour-mark, which means we don't have time for Twitter questions. We all real quick ones real quick real quick, and I will do one will do one and we're going to pull it from the Reddit page and we're going to I guess we're going to open it up now. I have it. We're going to start utilizing it stinks, but What is like do you watch the old videos still? Cuz I know sometimes you guys do you cringe it it which one is your favorite one? And I want to go to order of Greg will and then Ryan honestly, I will say something about this. That's the one thing that's crazy about. Like I feel like the work that I've done with Ryan is a lot of time I watch old videos. I don't cringe if it was like something that I made like a long time ago up for sure. I would print it but that's why it's like I know it's something really special because I don't know they hold up better than obviously some better than others. But if so, which ones are your favorite then? Stole it good when he said oh my God is everybody so we got to say this because people for whatever reason the ones we love right where me and Greg and we're editing were like dying and sometimes I would like, oh no, we're laughing so hard no one's going to like this then take my never all the ones we love like a so many of them. I know even the ones that I'm like, this is so bad and that means it's going to do good, you know, and for whatever reason mean Greg and then the final edit if we're dying or like great no one's going to get this there's literally like videos that you guys probably don't know exist that they're my favorite videos just cuz they're so deep but I would say my favorite video would probably be a man. We need some man. There was 100. What's the scary one that we did with Kyle or the Paranormal writers? I like that one that's on my favorite. That is so funny. I mean it was probably yeah, I would probably have to be like one of the big videos. I meant like Candy Crush that was like a really that was the one I was going to say transitional video for us. I think for you. That's what I was like, holy crap. You just created a world and like we never did anything like that and I was like if you can do this and then and then that was your downfall cuz I'm like a gray can do this. That means you can do all these other things and then yeah, I just spiraled from there. Amazing guy that was really fun. Super cool. But then that's another we go back. I don't cringe but I'm like this is compared to some of the stuff he's doing now in terms of a fax. I'm like what is as nothing now, but I mean still it's not nothing even even if you just like put it during that time where you know effects were still pretty new YouTube video ya syahidan good but it was decent for the time for us. It was good. It was like I think of the time Freddie Wong was doing crazier stuff and works like that's his gimmick you no argument is not even about effects just supposed to enhance the comedy always been some there around before Freddy right always looked up to can I machine gunned these know we were out of time. What was your first job gift wrapper at the mall? consequence When's the next episode of Will & Grace show February 2016 right at I'm sorry? No, we're out of town. I just can't go ahead but the reason why I chose a question of what would you guys favorite old videos is that because you recently announced that you were dating Arden at snooze. I just he didn't watch this if I thought it would be kind of cool to see both you and Arden react to agents of secret stuff. No, it's just you pitching an idea what I just I don't think it's a I don't want to I know you don't stuff. Anyway, I mean like yeah, he says, oh it's one of those videos always get so many likes you guys would do it, but I really don't want to so I'm going to say like, I don't even know what are podcasts kids normally but I don't want the last one. I really have to be in the first week cuz he can't just keep adding up and I got to do it. Actually I hate asking for likes though. You don't have to Should I just ask you? Okay, the wealthy I like a lot for a podcast Greg special fine you guys heard the DLC Shrine does a reaction to ask and u n Arden 690000 likes and we watch Shaun and Ryan's not so excellent adventure. We need to end this thing you guys watch. I mean you guys know how we ended so in 3 2 1. Babarita, oh my gosh, that is even deeper. Why dude that is deep enough. That's not the next time.