That's why you don't get those sit in there. Well, you know what? I'm actually watching levels, which is something you don't do. Okay, you win you win. You don't have that one kind of yes, we are mixing things up today and we are changing the podcasts up so welcome back to another episode of The Bill Burr podcast. My name is Ryan Higa. You're still know I'm Ryan. He see you, but you're just taking the role of any are the sitting in the whole seat and likely audio listeners. Don't know what you don't care. I'm Ryan essentially. I'm in control of the moderator seat where I can do this if I want.It's not going to be a good podcast. It's so funny. You guys were just always here so I could just be this person. Anyway, I'm here with special guests David for the third time. Hello. Good to be back. Third. Time's a charm. Thanks for your third. Time's a charm. I guess yet. They're not going to hate you this time. I hope not the first time he got hit on a lot people hate me hated me that she affected you like in real life. We talked about in the second time you did you didn't get paid.I didn't get hate. I was forgiven. Maybe we'll realize you're different dude, you know Stella interesting little weird. It's a little weird guy, but the audio / moderator seat we have Ryan Higa. Yeah, buoy glad now it's your duty and different this week's the bill is sponsored by skillshare. A skillshare is an online learning more than 25,000 classes in design business and more you'll discover countless ways to feel your curiosity creativity and career take classes in social media marketing mobile photography creative writing or even illustration whether you're looking to discover a new passion start a side hustle or gain new professional skills skillshare is there to keep you learning thriving in reaching those new goals also, You guys just took a look at us goes your class recently, right? Yep, one more so for David, but yeah, yeah, we look at how to make apps not really ux design as a class that we took and basically what you access user experience and what that is. Is it kind of you know, that teaches you how to create the flow of example, if you hit this button it does this or if you do the swipe it takes to this page and that whole experience of using a product is what user experience is, so kind of like the psychology behind you and that sounds like a lot of smart people stuff. I don't David knows that world. I don't and I still understood it. It's pretty simple. So it's explained. Well, even like Ryan we are giving them a good at that. Nice. It's pretty easy to date broken down broken out. So well even a dummy like Ryan Higa can get it. It's already learning on skillshare today with a special offer just for our listeners get two months of skillshare for classes for free to sign up go to skillshare.com he go again go to skillshare.com Higa for your two months Sia radio voice. All right do it again in a bit? But we did it guys. You don't sound enthused great. I was very impressed. You sound sad why is because you're so David is so like hesitant to be on the podcast now since he's since the first podcast he's afraid, I'm afraid of people. I know you've changed you for the internet people internet. Could you imagine what the world would be like if all is one of the internet was gone now, What the world would be like at the internet was it sunny just disappeared think life would be great and it wouldn't be great how so is it because like you can just watch any movie I'm driving. I can't I wouldn't be able to listen to Off the Pill podcast discussing your disgusting people would be like become depressed. I really think like people are super addicted to the internet. I think I am right I think most of us are but there's some people especially kids going up only know the internet life who are they would be lost. I think it would be like, where's my memes? How do I copy now? You know not to change the subject but ninja milk. I am I'm a big fan like congratulations to me for this but Ninja mod super excited for it because it it's actually really good. I bought two cases. I know to support I promise that we sent you some I appreciate you. Com. I actually thousand cases are ordered. Yeah, it's I mean I could say tens of thousands of cans tomato soup, but it doesn't mean it's it's doing well. I mean that it is. Yeah, that's great. But yeah, you do better. Yeah. I'm going to be better about people's concern was that old has milk in it, you know, so do I have to shake it or like not to shake people keep asking me that because I guess they think it's milk. There is milk in it, but it's not don't shake it don't have to shake it somewhat lactose intolerant, right? And then the next day the toilet is my best friend. Do my cheeks are making out with that toilet cakes Cheesecake Factory between you don't you drink you drink couple cat diarrhea. I just have caffeine headaches from this you get caffeine headaches a little bit from coffee. I don't get that. I think I don't drink enough water jug tell a pretty healthy person except for the fact that I eat like fried foods everyday and sheet cakes and sheet cakes and you know, just like Jhene Aiko says dude eat the cheat cakes like Series streaming lag, but just to sorry we change the subject 3 times already this short segment up again because we are doing something different. I would like to announce an December 20th episode. You're going to change up this podcast with a bit and even more so thanks to people like skillshare people who sponsored this so we can finally afford for opening up another pockets in LA. I was waiting for it. It's not like you're opening up another podcast in LA. What why why are you guys opening up what I mean? It was always kind of the plan it once we couldn't afford it. Thanks to sponsors and stuff. But because both of our I mean I thought I could get gas out here everyone. We know what smell a there's very few come out here. And yeah, I think I want to change it up a little bit and also this is supposed to be temporary from is very small. Yeah looks big on camera though. It does surprisingly, but it's not for all the equipment leave so I can finally move in. But yeah, this is my room in your part of the house is yeah. I know you do that. Stop trying anyway, speaking of changes the what we wanted to do is try out these new segments kind of like shows. I guess within the podcast kinda inspired off. You know, what you'd like radio station the right there like a little like tonight you do pranks and soon as they do like a games and stuff. So we have a few little games. We wanted to try out to do it, but we have fun doing it. So we're going to try out this new game that we made up called dumb dudes debate Hillary or we supposed to be for this like in the kitchen so I can see clearly so much dude stupid. I don't know what that was. Sorry would prove it to options of a either goofy topic or more serious and too dumb dudes have to debate it one person get to pick which side they want. And then the other person has a leftover side no matter if you believe in that or not, you must support it with any sort of logic or steer best addicted to ask now, but when should it be like you get to choose which side you want or should like someone else sign it was like the middle. I don't want to do this, right you guys already give you as a topic of debate are this to this just start one because okay. Here we go. So I start off with Should dance be considered a sport. I want Paco to say that it should not be okay. I don't want Ryan to save already know it wouldn't I want Ryan to believe ya say that you do support it. Okay, you don't support it Ryan supports it and I wish I had time to think about that should be considered a sport. Maybe Papa can go first. Be a sport. There's no ball involved. Okay start with something. Okay, just fine. But there's a lot of sports that don't have a ball involve like going to make a joke wrestling is a sport women's wrestling is a sport. So but you know, so you're saying every sport news have a ball in volleyball go swimming but swimming itself. That's a sport. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah your argument invalid an expression you can dance with balls. Yes, you can't dance with balls. But even if you could dance with both, how are you supposed to score it? Like I did tell me this when people do ballerina or when they do like those talent shows in a hold of numbers they do that, right? That's a score but it's all good. It's based off Technic. Holidays also so that's what dance is mortality. That even in those Sports judges are biased. All sports all sports judges are bias or biased to in basketball but it's very difficult when there's a actual physical score that you can see progressing throughout the game. I don't know, I don't know if I said, I don't know we set a time that we probably should be in the future we can go on for this is listening in your opinion is that I am going to base it off of passion which is which doesn't really mean anything but I like passion passion. I think for this particular route. I'm going to give it to Paco. Yeah three points. Okay. Okay. How about this one? Where's my way all the dances are going to have laid on me know but that's but that's the point is where you don't have to actually believe it. But you have to argue it they're trying to make it in the UK. They're trying to make it in the Olympics. You do believe it, huh? Santa's in the Scorpion on it. I mean cuz I kind of went out of the dance community. So it's really up to them. I see you have a good dancer. So they don't answer and brag or was it was something next dumb dude debates. Next dumb dudes debate question. What's better dogs or cats? What do you do? You have a preference or would you have a preference? I have a preference but I'll take cats. Okay. Alright guy that makes had this job easier in what way all cats are way more cool than says they're low maintenance. You don't got to walk them. You literally can just throw food anywhere or anywhere in there. Do be like walk up super slow. Take care of that eat it. Boom. Okay good. Also, you know that day they teach you real life interactions and not brain dead. Like dogs dogs are just come up to show you love no matter what? Okay, sometimes a Catholic Academy want to talk to you. That's like how humans are meant it teaches, you know, the Ebon flow is a learning experience. That's why people get pets. Cats because they do want to learn about life. They get pets. Well, you can learn that from dogs as well. But you get pets because you can't use what is a blind Blind Eye cat has actually real uses for dogs. Right cuz actually uses for dogs. You can also use dogs to smell out drugs can do that. There's real uses and then there's also like you said the loving side the reason most people get dogs because they they want love cast don't give me that love cats can give you lay don't you know what they give you a bunch of fur balls everywhere is it's crazy cuz the same thing he does but imagine play Imagine Roku x 3 4 x 4 that's how much for cats leave around all over page. Is that a fact that we leave we trust me. I had to he had a cat but there's also hypoallergenic cats. Oh you get those really bald ones, but be real. Looking cat. I know people as a whole thing for people that really like that being real. Would you want a cat like that? You want a dog? Starfall dogs to write are there I haven't seen any that look like those cats. Okay, I'll give you the right to kill people very true. But let's say that, you know, you need those dogs to kill people that say they're helping protect people like those canines that work for the police. You might need that too. Are you there? Are they trained to kill? I thought they're just trying to maim they are trained and they're trainable. You can't train a cat to do that. Why didn't you can train a tiger? Can you see treat hemorrhoid believe? I believe they got This this debate is over and you wanted the cat something that I think it's I think it's over. No disrespect to any cat. Owners out there. I am personally am a fan of dogs, but it's a lot of kind of for the might be offended by cats to I also like dogs but I like dogs more gas is because they're more just like the super chill about a lot of things you like them because you're easy to take care of cuz your legacy would you like this this outside the debate would you get the pic? Would you rather have a dog or a cat? I think you would want a cat because it's easier to take care of a dog. I know because you would want a dog but like I think you would enjoy a cat could so he's here. Yeah, but then I would like you said they just blindly give love that's all I'm not I'm not all cats like my cat was actually like one of my cat my brother's cat was actually like really loving cuz I grew up with three other dogs. I think that's why we will come to you that you pet it, but I've seen cat Just go to reach more and just run the way you used to conclude that the topic of dogs and cats. I think the winner of this debate. I'm going to I'm going to go with Ryan and how many points you get cheers for you ran out one more. I love three ways to get sad. When did you really have another one though? Yeah, I did. I did. What is what is the most salad fruit salad or potato salad? What is the most salad I don't even know what is a hard. Why are they so this just because we don't have any rules to this game. Let's all just argue this right now. It doesn't matter because this is a random one. Did you make this up? No fun online salad what has more sells the most salad salad or potato salad in a bowl of potato salad is potato. What is more salad? They're both equally not salads at the pic when I'm going to go with potato explain why I would go with potatoes while I think the variety of a fruit salad is too much. When you think of your traditional salad, it's it's all green and it's all lettuce for the most part as a lion half will go ahead what else you got all over the place never heard of every piece of culture everywhere. They got ham they got egg that got cheese that got olives. They got dressing pick, whatever you want. Whatever Chef you want. Do you bake with a tent? He like you want balsamic vinaigrette with ranch. That's a weird combination, but you can have that chef salad. All right, so that's a lot of mixture. What about fruit. Fruit from around the world different things to spice up your taste buds, right when you going to get that watermelon cantaloupe or is that when you think so I think lettuce and whatever like there's different stuff in it and dressing you guys are dressing for fruit salads. Yeah. I don't know I'm asking I don't know. Different potato salad, I mean potato salad like that. Most people think about it and it's let it go right there's no lettuce and you could add other things. Nobody main ingredient is one main ingredients. Actually. That's your point is one main ingredient. Not a bunch of rent equally among. Is there a potato in most salad? No, is there a bear fruit in Moe's salad? Yes Tomatoes Tomatoes, isn't there are tomatoes. There's we already invade in the salad. We're pretty much half the salad with vinaigrette dude, that's addressing true. And we put the dressing on the salad where to put the fruity Suites of the salad. The salad baby daddy 32b one main ingredient in a salad potato salad is potato normal salad is lettuce macaroni salad is macaroni. There's more macaroni Tomatoes potatoes. So if I have to choose between a potato salad and a fruit salad, I would go to potato salad cuz there's one main ingredients. You can't moderate and pick for your own side, dude. I'm moderating. Just when I thought no, I thought we were all debating. Moderate this and I say you guys are equally dumb for even talking about this and he was a stupid one. I even stupider than all the stupid ones that we have. I mean cuz I don't I don't get it do the dumb debates. That's a lot of dumb. You know, that's you guys are that's why we use the ALCO thing to cut off cut us off at any point. So but also if you guys have any other suggestions for dumb dudes debate leave them in the comments below or if you want to stop doing the show within the podcast. Please save it outside of it will keep it in the kitchen and save save save the show get back to us being like that. But it's fun. It's fun to do stuff like that is pretty fun to do that though. I feel lost. You don't know what to talk about that. You should be fighting over something. So it's going to be messy. It's at your house. Whose house your house? So is that what you want me to put it in your house? I don't have a house there. Where am I going to put my words? Well, once I get all the stuff, they're like you to put it in my house. Yeah, we're going to have a podcast in your house specifically your bed. I would have it in my house, but I don't have a house there. I guess it's at my house now. Yep. We're going to have a podcast of David's house. I'll be out there a little bit more and we're going to get some already have a lot of people who are willing to be on the show named Rock right now, but someday when I go out there a whole tour of people's podcasts what you need to do it more than one day as possible traffic, right? It's not possible to two hours longer some podcast know that I'm like a little intimidated by like Ethan's podcast H3 like yeah, that's why I'm like, I don't I feel like David on here. Like I feel like I have to be so that's why I mean to you because I'm getting you ready. So is that why you're harsh critiques? There's not much controversy from your side that I that mean they don't they don't they usually have guests that are controversial or not necessarily always but their dirt the comments are just kind of harsh on that podcast another one. Somebody keeps asking me or like a life does not somebody people. He passed me like a welt pocket like what podcast when do you want to do? And I don't want to do the ones that I listen to because it's like man that's intimidating. You know, like how it would be an honor but no I heard about his podcast like he's had like like famous people get that Mike Tyson like but he only interview interested in it. I want to be in the podcast me like I'm not interested in you that way now it hit you hard. No, not at all that would make sense cuz I'll be like what we talked about his bye guys are so like he is like scientists on you know that I wake up and then I right I was just picturing myself on how he's going to hear me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man laughing so hard I could almost take a video with the holes in them so funny. I liked it. You should Time by. and back Oh at going to Real Madrid and you come put up the paper great. So hyped go for it for it. Still share is an online community class where you can learn things and it's free for the first two months. So if you're not learning things for the first free 2 months, then you're being a dummy. Don't be a dummy social media makes you down do social media to make you smarter broke it out. So well even a dummy like Ryan Higa can get it join the millions of students already learning on skillshare today with a special offer just for our listeners skillshare.com I was very good to have been trying really hard not to use them. Just one of you guys know because people won't know because it cuts to you guys when you're talking all this like this like I'm waiting for the right moment, cuz I want I want to use it, but I'm not going to hold him back. Thank you. We appreciate that Brian. He got to see better. You guys hear about that straight parade straight Pride straight pride pride parade and straight pride parade this morning actually and I thought it was a joke, but it's not I realized it wasn't supposed to be a lot of my gay friends and they were very upset. I don't really know what it was about. I thought it was six people trolling as soon as people trolling right? Nope, the real thing. I know it's a real thing, but they're trolling like they're obviously what are going to be proud about like I mean, can you be Tried by phone that I call? I'm so straight. Where the isn't that the majority of people do use more straight people and it's more socially acceptable. That's the whole point of having gay pride right gay pride month. It is your birthday month. It is today birthday day. Happy birthday birthday Ryan great birthday, like gay people this month can say happy birthday. That's a dozen Italian. Dude. You're really going to run far with this joke. I know I was like happy birthday amazing. I would go to a birthday party. Birthday party just come out dude. Just come out of the closet already. We know just come straight pride parade is not going to be as one of the Gay Pride Parade if you think about it. What is that even do you even look into this or we just talked about messing? What do you do at a restaurant like what I mean like those go and they celebrate their diversity and raise awareness and they have colorful flags and way too much glitter and maybe you know a lot of touching and high-fiving I would assume straight Pride parades have to be the opposite of that. What would that look like? What is the opposite of black and white flags on Shades of Grey different the Gay Pride Parade flag, but just like without any colored like you put a black and white filter on it. I wonder why the rainbow became the sign of gay. Yeah, that's a good one in Hawaii. We are are like, uh Manoa like a college team is called the rainbow or the rainbow where the Rainbow Warriors or just a rainbow and then it became because it's why there's a lot of rainbows that makes sense. Then it just became dislike gay symbol. And when I was just the Warriors right the Warriors, but we were so maybe Hawaii's homophobic or with a Rainbow Warriors. So Hawaii fighting for Gay Pride could be that too. Yeah. I just I don't know. I don't see what the rainbow has to do with gay. I'm just I'm just curious. I don't even know how do you think it means accepting every color there be more of a race. They're liable to be like a diversity thing. You know, like I like really scramble should be Like for I'm I'm Against Racism because I like a color. So what would the get rid of changing the supervisor with the gate? Like if we have to make a new flag, right that represents like I think I'm not a racist straight men make a flower using logic like we're literally saying I accept every color and it makes sense. Right if you're not racist. So how would you wouldn't you want to do it the same colors? And I mean that's true actually like maybe like a pink and a red versus or like a yellow and a orange light pink pink some traditional assigning colors to do. I'm confused. I don't even know what that was. He's a singer. So you like imitates really well, but my copy catter. Unless you really I like kind of can you look that up real quick? Cuz I'm not sure really curious. What the how did the rainbow become a symbol of gay it is right. Otherwise, they all just like got together and real smart about their branding. Yeah, you know what I found the answer. What does the rainbow flag was popularized at the symbol of the gay community by San Francisco artist Gilbert Baker in 1978 and know that because he has a collaboration with Nike for their shoes coming out. Okay be true. I did that but why like why what does it mean different colors are often associated with diversity is like a community, but they have literal meaning look into the literal meanings. I think it'll make your ass mother. Should I am I was wondering yeah, does it have to do it just became the common that, now that you're right. Sorry red life orange healing yellow sun light green nature blue Harmony peace and purple violet Spirit. You just naming things that sound like the color. So what does that have to do with what we should probably ask her to come on the show because we could yeah, we can use those be true shoes though. They're pretty clean dude there when she was really nice Beach. What is a true? I believe I'll be true. Is it collection Nike and I think I think every year they have to have in a release during this month. They're dope. How do you guys feel about describe edgy how to transfer about when I mean, I'm going to bring this up because he's gay pride month. How do you guys feel about people telling you not to eat at Chick-fil-A with me bro? I don't I know you guys love I love chocolate too. But there's some articles that I read and I'm like so guilty. Let me see more recently liked. How do I make up for that so that I can still hear Chick-fil-A you no more recently. I heard that Chick fil actually don't need a lot of money like to the there's that big shooting in the club and they argue that that's kind of a PR thing, right? Cuz they do I mean They had the reputation with the hold the drama there for people who don't know it's because they're Christian company and I guess in the what what is the whole drama that has a lot of drama there, but I'm not exactly sure. What is it in Sioux Falls SD supported Christian organizations that support anti-gay laws right or something like that. Probably. Yeah that too and also just like the way that they said it was snow traditional marriages, right? So I understand that and obviously like if I'm you know, I've been in a situation where I was your trying to figure out what to eat and I was with a guy and he like we all decide what is what you feel like you really really felt strongly so we didn't write. And I don't mind that but and I think that's right. I think that's fine that we've still wanted it but like we didn't go because out of respect but is it still wrong to read articles that make you just feel like an awful person? Is it still wrong to go to Chick-fil-A on your own because you're supporting something that doesn't support like your friends are like, you know, I read articles that make me ice time I go there like I don't go there all the time but like I like I like the food, you know that I can't I'm not going to pretend like I don't but am I supporting something by going there. I'm saying like, yeah for sure. I just kind of like the whole like we talked about me not being vegetarian because I feel bad for you know, how animals are slaughtered and stuff. It's it's selfishness. The vegetarian one is a little bit more understanding. It's a little hard to say that but I'm not going to I'm going to be honest. Like I died like their products. Yeah, I mean hands with that like when you tied into the hole like vegan or vegetarian thing, but that's what I'm trying to say is I got read those articles like last year when that happened and like I was going to eat there. I don't need to then I Cry Sometimes I know you kind of crave sometimes and yeah, I know I went there and I have gay friends and I respect them and I understand it but I feel like I'm not trying to support them. But like I don't I don't know what the correlation I know there are but a huge amount of people who really mad at me even saying this right now. How much of my spicy chicken deluxe meal is going towards gay hate? How much how much hate you're contributing? What would it affect you if it was fractions of a penny but it's still the principal. Right? What if there was a dollar amount? Do you think that would make people like, you know, what would you think you would like fractions of a penny, you know, or what they could do right here me out. You have to find out what the value is, right? They find out what that fraction of a penny is right. And you say they did they offer you a would you like to add an extra dollar to support gay rights and equality say, okay. I'm going to Chick-fil-A. I'm going to donate a dollar to support equal rights for gay people. That's just to make myself feel better. If they would have never gotten a movement. Like they would like you. Like Salvation Army outside the ring. The bells are people would like save the world to have you sign a petition. So it's like people ask you like how many times have you had Chick-fil-A this year? And then you tell him so you can do that. If you don't have that guilt frankly, I think organization should think about it because there's a lot of people like me. I think we really like their products and don't want to you know, ya upset that come in and you be like this everybody wins. They get my money and you get my money and I get my food. Those delicious. I don't know. What are you doing? Well. I love I know she I think they're really good. The service is great. You know, it's hard yet. They're one of the nicest like the workers. Yeah the best so I know there's a bunch of hate towards the towards the make the Islanders in the company of the people who work there are literally like if you ever been there they like the nicest are trained to be that way. They're supposed to be that way even though they say my pleasure like you're welcome cuz they're there to serve people in and have that snow in relationships. Don't even hear that. I think I think everyone should be able to eat wherever they choose to whatever the organization believes because it's its food but it doesn't mean you're not leaving it right there. You are supporting it is with articles are saying but you know, I've also seen like in because I go to the the Chick-fil-A in Hollywood. I see a lot of gay people there, too. JPM is yours a thing. Like nobody really knows what the companies generally stand for in general. Like for example, we don't know if the manufacturer of this table right now is like a racist racist or if a person who supports gay marriage or doesn't support we don't know these things for majority of the products that we use in this world. I guess the question is like if your if you know that they do that is it bad to support even if it is a great product, you know, and I think people should still be able to I mean people should just make that choice for themselves, you know in shouldn't judge if someone else I have chooses to like if that's going to be third that's exactly the point there a lot of people being very much so. Especially gay people are like, how old are you like this is going against what you are. I mean, it's it was actually has more targeted towards gay people who go to Chick-fil-A and people who support equal rights like the ACT. Active people who still go there and they made a very compelling are I don't know. What where the article was from guy said there was a couple cuz if I found out that McDonald's promotes worse or like put sends money to terrorists. If you really hard for me to not eat Filet O Fish when I'm craving it, but when you say support in Awards and stuff like we have to see what exactly have they done like is it or they support like like nobody's going to support tonight support War, you know that even when they're supporting their religion and it just so happened that their religion has that Clause, you know, like it's not like this kind of support. I just don't like gay people or certain type of people. It's cuz it's in the religions whatever they believe he'll think I need like McDonald's or unless it's like in the religion or it's not like they're just supporting that for that reason. I don't think anybody does things just for the fact of like hate you might be hateful, but I don't think they'd intentionally do things to her. Like be hateful. Yeah, I don't think is more often. I think the the protection of their own beliefs and values beliefs and values or their rights. Like people just being selfish because they're worried about oh, how is this going to affect me, you know, so a lot of times like when a smaller minority group was going to press it when they're like trying to raise awareness and ask for your quality. A lot of times the higher higher groups in quotes, you know will be worried because it's like, oh well our privileges or are our lifestyle have to change, you know, and it's in the same way would like to be a stretch of a metaphor but in the same way with divorce how women will always if they're married to a successful and Rich Man and when they get divorced the money that they get paid to get paid a lot more because they're used to the lifestyle, you know, that's what they say. The argument is used to the lifestyle of the people who are in power. They're worried. Oh, well, I have to just my lifestyle, you know, and how am I how am I going to be used to this new movement is NuWave? So that was our talk about Chick-fil-A. Happy Katie Ryan Vine. And I just thought it was interesting. I felt guilty when I'm sorry. I have to say I'm sorry like I should have support my equal rights, but I don't I don't feel like even if I if they have enough money right those foundations, what do they really looking? They really did I guess they can change laws. That's what I can do, but I don't really know. I don't know what they're like, I don't know enough. I don't know the truth. I'm just hearing one perspective. Like I'm hearing the perspective of gay people, specifically, but I think there will be a lot of gay people who are okay with you going to Chick-fil-A because there's a lot and there's a very huge majority and articles like that because I read it and I was like by the time I finish reading it was like oh Man. This is compelling. Like I've I don't need to go there and then throughout the year I was at. I kind of forgot about you would like to get upset I get it I get it I get their reasoning I get the reasoning behind a topic that's not going to get us in trouble so much laughter. I know but you talking about this because it make me a bad person. I always think it's a common thought to have like old will I offend people but I think two is like a lot of people might have that thought once they read that article and they see the majority they see. Most people find like what's the easiest way to not upset people there vape trick themselves to be like, I'm not going to think twice if this is right. There's no right or wrong like this is what's right not saying that it is done or it is I'm just saying people there's a lot of people I think who don't even think twice they just follow what exactly I think it would be the opposite like people like to go with what's working and what gets you I guess less hate. some people like getting more hate I don't know where I'm going with that. I hate your opinion. I think it was beautiful. Is that buy one Hazard of their own have their own beliefs and values and you're trying to not get hit, So what you're trying to do exactly. Play all right. I eat at Chick-fil-A all the time. I actually went to last week. Did you really I did make me a bad person who that who will say that you are a bad person to win last week. You know what those people are wack every month. So that's not even how about this. How about someone how about someone in the gay community create something better than Chick-fil-A and I'll be exactly sure if it tastes good. I'm going to go or what they Chick-fil-A should do. Well, I guess it their whole thing is like based on religion and principal, but he would never go in there. Man, what a conundrum. Sorry, I'm dying. I think I'm actually getting sick the first time in two years got sick into this the first time getting sick get sick. You're sick for like 3 weeks straight. I don't know because I've been sick for two years. So you don't remember three years ago. I don't remember. I hardly remember things from last week. Do you no matter what you ate yesterday? I know David a Chick-fil-A or we could go. Well, I know we are but you know, no one cares about how my supposed to remember the last time ago. Yeah. Are we talking about it's not interesting and you know. Com. Thanks, David. Go to Ninja milf.com change it up a little late, you know spicy, ohmygod, ohmygod. Went to Chick-fil-A and eating it at today's my birthday and I'm doing this for this is my my dream like this is what I wanted. I really wanted this you looking so yeah, like I didn't do any I didn't I actually forgot as my birthday up until yesterday. I forgot that I was coming up and then what are we doing tonight for your birthday? Nothing is going to keep this way for another 5 hours to go somewhere where to do something. Like I really don't want to do anything that okay. No, we know that you don't want for my birthday I get to pick to do nothing. We want to do something to do for your birthday. All right. So I want what I really want for my birthday is for you guys to go out. With you, all right and send me your Instagram stories. Let's do something so pretty. Hey, this is I don't know. All right guys, we really regret number that last podcast something went down. Yeah that start that podcast with that. Okay. I see if you were here last podcast. We should have ended it that way cuz something went down something went down David actually lost the finger. I know we got to make that hat like you're giving a narrative like I did this all my childish. So I didn't even think of that cuz my mind is a dirty. Mine is it is natural gas a natural dirty person. It's true that I think we're good, dude. I don't really care because because I know what is the ongoing joke. What did you do today? Did you do stuff skull taco and then I went Chick-fil-A. I'm done. All right. So podcast on Twitter at gas on Instagram when I get to say what is to Jaco. Nope, don't you dare, don't you dare? Don't you dare? We are done. I went. to KFC You're not Christian are they? I don't know what I've done. I'm done.