But you were on Instagram first YouTube just to kind of mess around with that. I did it for like six months and then I stopped doing it like just cold turkey to stop. I'm trying to do it again because I feel like that was like the most like authentic fan base ever liked Instagram. It's just not the same. So it's like I need to get back to you. So you actually see the difference between the two engaging on YouTube then Instagram because like on Instagram you just saw her on there you like scroll. You see a picture you think of girls hot, but you don't like know them. You don't know anything about them, you know on YouTube you go on you watch someone you could be in your room watch. These kids are in the room watching you for hours. Like they know everything about you. They are so connected to you. Like I've had kids come out to me and say things like why do I know you like? It's so weird, but like on Instagram before I did you do it's not like that. It's just like they recognize you but they don't know you it's like more of like a personal connection that I like.But you need it for like 6 months and you stopped is because you would burn out or what. I don't think I'm a great YouTuber. I don't know what to do on YouTube on like what do they want to see that? Cuz I would do blogs like I had friends are YouTubers and it was kind of fun to likes to do it with them, but I can't find my cell phone. Like what do they want to see? So now I'm starting to do like more Fitness stuff. I want to like do you like Fitness Fridays and I want to like shows them like like I feel like no one really knows me as a person that even on my YouTube channel. I just was like messing around like I knew I want people to like like get to know me is like a person but that's what you said. You're thinking about starting again by Machiavelli will work it from scratch again. I'm like a minute and I just have to like not care about you is like you cares about you guys.Just had to let that you go down go and be like I don't care. I don't usually the people are able to say who cares about the views get good enough views usually be bad, but it's fine. I'm not a YouTuber. I'm just doing it for fun. What do you consider yourself? I don't I hate when people lie cuz I feel like I've likes really been like a big part of that and making Instagram models. I have been Instagram model forever. I like an OG Instagram model, but now what girls post on Instagram? I don't like to be associated with it. Like no one has any respect for themselves. They post the most raunchy things. I'm just like, okay. I don't like Instagram model now because it's like no respect like obviously I post pictures of my body but I have respect myself and there's certain things. I just want somebody like new like I hardly do any like in plaid like girls are literally posting. I saw this girl like her whole page. She just like posting pictures of her.Little thing over her nipples look in her vagina naked. It's like there's a fine line. There's like classy like I work hard for my body. I'm going to show it off because Emily has got me where I am today and I but there's a fine line of just like you go. They're paging like, okay. This is too much. Like I don't like being called Instagram model cuz there's no respect. You know, it's like I deserve respect you guys come on with it like funny because I actually when I was a kid, I have from 16 to 18 hours a bodybuilder like bikini. So I'm in a bikini on stage in my dad's my coach. So I literally be posing all kinds of in a tiny bikini and it's not a sexual thing like when you're in that industry and stuff. It's a whole like world and it's not likeIt's not gross. It's not sexual. This is my body. This is a heart like I've scoped in my body to look this way. It's like that is so I've been raised in a different way to view bodies. Like I view bodies of our like I don't view it. Like I've never even watched porn like I've never been on I don't like I'm going to watch from people like a liar. I'm like, no, I really have never watched porn and reinsurance. Yeah, but yeah, I'm just like been raised not to think of the human body like how people like think of it, you know people think of a naked body whatever like nefer I want to I think wow, that's why I took a lot of hard work in the gym like you knows it's like a different way to look at it. I mean I saw you said something about like you'd really like enjoying eating right, but that's why you work out.15218 like a cheat meal would be having a protein bar like that is like okay, like having a lily or die has to be so strict you have camp and he found you whatever and like Mike I was so young and my quality of life sucks. Like I was just say wow like every so I had like I got until I get eating disorder like like messed up my mind was the food and everything because it's like it was really like traumatizing and now I just moderation. That's my thing. There's a balance like, I'm not just going to eat cheeseburgers everyday after I'm going to have a cheeseburger and then I'm a salad. It's called balance. So weird, I like everyday, right? Yeah. I try to work out everyday. I mean I used to be really really consistent. But like I'm so busy now, that's like sometimes I get off track. But yeah, I mean I eat what I want but I am also blessed with a good metabolism cuz like I can really eat what I want and I burn it off really quick. But yeah, I think that everybody is different and somebody some people like can't eat what they want because if they gain weight and stuffIs it like to teach their own? You know, it's like everyone's different but I just live my truth. Like people don't want you to live your life. Like no you can't do that so I can know I'm not saying you can't do it or can do what I'm saying? This is what I need, right? I mean so you you said you want to get into wellness and what was it Fitness and stuff and that is that with your video. Popular off Instagram is like Fitness like Fitness videos on all the fitness stuff and then I kind of like when out of the Fitness World a little bit, but now I want to get back in this in the world. Yeah. It's like workout videos like teaching girls how to work out for like telling them what I eat how to workout. Like, I'm also a fitness app with fitplan so they can like download Matt up and not yet.But yes, I have like a clothing line called shops in a row diapers just like athletic wear but like what stuff I have in the works inside, you know, like subscription box early in right now. So I'm like, you know going to have like a bi monthly subscription box 3999 like bi-monthly and it's going to be filled Life Fitness of beauty stuff, like lifestyle like a big box of stuff that gets sent to your house and I'm having a boy talk to a girl and boy so like the boy box boy stuff and I got lots of us, it's called some things like s o m m e t h i n g s like summer thing like something's it's like Christmas every month every other month overdo it, you know, it's like it's fine. Like I love getting stuff in the mail. I can you forget about it. You get like a package is every month. It's different like gummy really fun by things that you never would even think till I go by are like fine and you get sent them here I come I can't live without this now. So you have a PO Box for fans.Unlike on Sunset in Hollywood, but I never go to it cuz I used to live right up the street from there. So now I like never go that I swear that they throw away my male cuz I'll go in there like they do something cuz I'll get emails and I have boxes and stuff and I go there to pick him up till I call you have nothing here. Like really pretty sure they really give out my PO Box. I got I'm not give it to like Brands and stuff. I don't just give it to like fan cuz I don't know. I don't know what they got you I'm going to just assume that you have some pretty crazy stories that right. I don't story and especially for you or you would have some pretty crazy stalker stories or something like some some really weird fan experiences, like sliding people weird people sliding into your DMs.Stuff like that, but I think I just don't even think about it. I just like not that was weird. Yeah, that's not where they haven't seen every day are you or were you at living at the cloud house? It's funny because everyone thinks of is at the house. So actually Brian Rice is one of my like really really good friends. Like when we first kind of started popping off on the internet, we like met up and we liked has really been like really good friends since then. So a few years. I got like a year ago, maybe almost to ya two years ago. It's crazy time flies. He hit me up and he was like a moving into the house. Like we're looking for some influencers if you want to come live with us, and I was like, I was already looking for at the time. So I just couldn't but then it was weird cuz a couple months went by and I actually needed somewhere to live at even think aboutHe called me again and asked me I was like hell, yeah, actually well so that time I was wanting him and Ricky Banks and yeah, it was me him and and then that's before like Alyssa like started dating him around that time. It didn't really live there. But just like stay there all the time then she moved in and then it like kind of formed into a class everyone thinks I like moved into the courthouse in it, but I knew about it cuz I know Brian but he said Vegas. Well, that's good to know. I thought we were just wondering one of the founding fathers of it than in a way but those are like, I love them like family. So I just moved out because I have so much crap that I was like, I don't have enough room for this stuff. So just because it was tweeted to us.Did you and Brian have everything it's so funny? Cuz everyone thinks that in the mail like me and my girlfriend and then in the description it be because she's my friend and she's a girl but no one would catch that, you know, you wanted to kind of like clickbait that like we're dating we never had a thing. We've it's like a little he's like a brother to me. Like I've said that so many times and I mean the views of the views, you know of some kids want to carry on and rest of their life thinking that we are boyfriend girlfriend. So be it but yeah, that's not true about that part of your life. You can show what you want to show right? Yeah.Like I always say like things I really really care about things are most important to me that I love. I have to keep private because people like to get involved in active like kill your happiness like through so it's like they don't know what they don't know about the can't mingle with or like try to kill so that's a very mature with younger like you're 22, how how long you been doing this cuz you guys kind of started pretty early andTime flies by I was like I started when I was like 17 18, and now I'm 22, so but I don't like really start like getting Popular until I was like 18 19, but I did that change like what change what made you pop off a popular is it one moment or is it a graduate-level Content like the stuff? I was posting all went like viral and stuff and I don't know. I think that people just liked liked the naturalness about me and like my booty and everything like a lot of girls that were on Instagram like not being like the fitness. I like booty stuff that I was doing but they're like everyone has fake boobs fake everything fake lives in like I'm just like authentically me in like, I've always been I feel like people can see that and I think they just like that and yeah, I wasn't like booty stop it sound so weird, but I work really hard for my video Ki that's like my like my struggles like I don't ever want. I don't want to be like them, whatever, but thatJust like guys pecks in a while and I can't step away from like what got me popular. I mean, I got famous off of a booty pic on Instagram. It's fine. I looked hard for okay, I got these games k. I hope people don't think of me like that. There's a younger let's say someone I guess we were Seventeen when you started something like a 17 year old who wants to fall that path? Would you say to them might as well? My my advice is like CL sent it to you. So that really is your goal and you literally love working out and you really like like if that's what you love and you not doing it because you saw someone do it and got popular off of it, but it's because you want to do it because when I did it, I didn't see anyone do it until I go I want to copy that and follow that and do it. I didn't know it was going to be I was just doing what I love and posting it on thePosting my pictures of working out and stuff and it turned into this so it wasn't like I saw someone doing how's that coming to do that? You know, so it's like I think the real like Pioneers in Life or The Originators who like create and like try to do something that you're really passionate about that is new and like original and that's how you succeed. So come is because you have on on Instagram is like you just said the originator you and it's because like I always say girls always like coffee and everyone copying me and it's not anything. I feel like I just feel bad for them cuz it's like I just want them to like find themselves in like just Embrace today are because if you're always going to be copying people, you're always going to change you're never going to know who you are because he thought girl that you're obsessing over right now might change next year. You're going to be another girls like it's like bee you like you can FinanceObviously what I have done and created it's not like I'm the only one who can do it. It's just like put your own twist on and do different things. Like don't copy like you can find inspiration but different, you know people copying you what exactly do you what can you like specifying like what train are they specifically coffee? When I was one of the first like girls on the internet you posted pictures of her body on Instagram, you know, and I like there's other girls doing it like booty pics and stuff, but I took it to the next level OK and I like started posting like booty videos like bounce around my buttons up and like no one did videos and then I die. So it's now it's like you go to any girls put video. They just trying to be a booty model. They have like pictures of videos and stuff in the thing is it's hard to really really popular off doing that now cuz oversaturated like everyone's trying to do it. So I was like one of the first so it's like that but it's merely copying. It's like everyone copies everyone that has something of life.What to learn from somewhere that was your culture is Jack and they got married then it kind of got out of it but my mom and him got divorced and then he started bodybuilding again. But yeah, I've I've worked out my whole life. We had a gym in the basement in my house growing up. I was a daddy's girl is always with him always working out. Yeah, so I working out just in my blood is like what I love so it's like if girls want that to be their lifestyle then live it and if he comes successful off of it and that's amazing method is work out so that you can still eat. Starve and workout.They think like not eating is going to get the ice. So many people recycle. I'm trying to lose weight and not going to eat people don't understand that when you don't eat your body where machines like our bodies are like really ain't like we're always in like like like trying to live like that start like our bodies purpose, you know, so when you starve yourself and then you eat your body will like story as starvation mode. So you're not not ever going to eat these girls who are starving themselves for like 5 days then I'm just going to go with me and tell him cuz you're starving and then your body to store as fat. So my advice five small meals a day. Are you still so bad that does work for you then type of what year did it's not healthy. How do you feel about like intermittent fasting?Fasting fasting it is good if you really intermediate, that's what that's called, right? Yeah. Yeah, it's good. If you really have a good schedule, you know exactly what you're doing. A lot of people are doing it and they think that they know what they're doing. What are you have? No idea like it's all times in like a certain amount of time not to eat to eat. They just hear someone's time. So I go I'm going to do that too. But that's not Matt matching your lifestyle. Like you have to like plan it out for you like in the times and everything. So you have to actually like be knowledgeable about it before you do it. So many so many fad like to your your day at work right to a certain degree. I think if you do it at the problem is for a lot of people they don't necessarily have your mindset about having to hold you hold you say that you created this to be your lifestyle.Because that seems to be the key because you want to work out a lot of people don't want to work out to the gym and that's like the thing that I'm going to dread and I'm just going to do it because I have to do it like I have to the gym me and like I'm going to go to the gym at the part of my life as a part of my day. I'm excited to go like me and my momma boys may go in the gym like a highlighter Verde like the fun part. Like we didn't go to the gym. I got to go to the gym. How are you and Mom hang out there for hours at a time. Like I think it is just all in like like how I mean, I think everyone has like if you've ever like your past experiences, like if you were going to go to Disneyland, you're going to have the worst time ever again. I can always think technical mechanical of Disneyland like I think back and think of all the great times I've had working on like to check you out to make it fun the moment. You make it a job. It's a job. So I've never made working on a job. It's just a fun.Yeah, for sure. So I'm not going like I do you go every single day like obviously I'm not like a crazy person. But yeah, sometimes I have days sometimes I have days where I'm living like a bad mood. I'm down on myself like with thing like that people don't understand is like everyone's human I have days where I wake up and I feel disgusted and fat and I like you at myself. You don't like me. I like disgusting. So we're as girls we just like to have this like and every girl's a saying like as a matter like girls that think girls like are the most beautiful girl in the world. Trust me they wake up and they hate themselves some days to it's just like life as a girl and US humans like you know, so yeah, I have very unmotivated and I think my body sucks and I want to knock it out of bed all day in life, but I fight through it like how I find my motivation is like I don't look through motivation like, oh I want to get in shape for this pool party. I want to get in shape cuz I'm going on.Cuz right when that is over, you're going to forget about working out and you don't care about working out anymore. If you do it for like a real reason that's not going to go away. You know, do you know the whole thing would like nature vs nurture? We're like this how you naturally are. This is how you're raised. You seem like a lot of things that are very positive about you is because of your how you're raised in a lot of things to do credit. So, you know being with your dad he was confident working out. So you were you saw that work ethic, you know that was built into you and just a the positivity in your in your mind to it and how you view things optimistically it's almost like all of that together is build up a lot of your brand. So you went from like OG IG model into becoming kind of like a role model now and you're turning that into that aspect. So I'm just curious It's like what is your future cuz when you were discussing a lot about your pass right now, but like what are the future steps for you?In the world today, like there's no like really really amazing like Role Models or models or anyone that little girls can look up to that are all natural just Embrace themselves have the big bushy eyebrows natural everything and never gone like any surgeries done or anything and like no offense people who do get surgery. So I think that there should be someone in the world for girls to look up to me like that's my role model, you know, and there's just no one in the world are now really like that. So I want to be that role model for girls. I want to teach them to love their natural selves and they don't have to change anything to be perfect or fit into society because how boring would it be a world that we all at the same people surgeries people start looking the same. It's not fun anymore likeSurgery is also unhealthy like very dangerous to go under the knife just for your looks and stuff. So it's like I want to teach girls that there is no standard of beauty. You're beautiful because that's how you look in your beautiful the way you are like, I understand when girls like are born. They have a really big noses and they don't feel confident that you really needed that but people take it a little overboard and have already beautiful features and then they ruin them, you know, and now it's like you're so beautiful before why'd you do it yourself? So I want to be like a really good role model for girls and I just want to be like a mogul, you know, like, you know, those people that are like so big and you're like, how how are they in the story? How are they made and just like they're just like a name that like, you just can't they can do what they want. I just want to be able to do whatever I want whatever whatever you want, babe. Yeah.Tigers do people like how she do it. I don't know I could always like you don't know like why they're so big they just are so what are you doing right now that you wish you could do in the future. We mix like movies you just mention like, oh, why would you want to do tomorrow? I think if I give a shot I might love it but one of those things I like to do things I love so I did and I hated it. I just won't pursue it because not something I love but I did and I loved and I want to pursue it because I don't want to do anything feels like working. It's not fun. Like I think everything should be fun in like do something there. So many things you can do in the world do something you love, you know, so she said, what's your favorite food?How it was in and out for so long with filotera, but now I'm like I haven't lived when I live in Colorado Cuz there's no in and out but I literally ate have eaten so many times. I love me some in and out, but you know Chick-fil-A is kind of like my day one a one for Life talkin to this. I mean he went to their headquarters. I will go there. I got to go hang out there all day to meet Dan Cathy and is amazing and I like and like I love God, so it's like I love what they stand for and stuff. It's just a really amazing company. So I thought I am a fan of the Texas Pete Hot Sauce and Commercial and the honey honey mustard. Those are my two favorite sauce all time. So good about like it was an interview as well where you said, you will go to Chick-fil-A and do that kind of thing go there and just eat or whatever. Do you get any like push back from that? I mean, you know, there's a stigma of like Chick-fil-A supporters don't support gay people, but I think this is my Approach. We don't know the company the people who created this microphone company, they could be supporting terrorism. They could be supporting Animal cruelty, we don't know these things and you know when I when I go to Chick-fil-A I go to the one in Hollywood. I see the gay community eating there too. So I'm like, you know what I'm going to eat here too cuz they have good service and their sauces are good. Their sandwiches are good. And well the thing is if you're receiving that going to push back in the end you have you know, 20 almost 22 million followers. I'm assuming you're you're going to see even more of a push back. The thing with that is weird because I've gone to Chick-fil-A countless times and had a gay people start like working for me. I like working there. So I'm like, who where is this info coming from who are the real facts at Chick-fil-A to help readers real fast because then they need to go and fire all the gay people working for them. So, I don't know. I don't believe stuff that the media like I need to see real facts coming from so I don't believe that some of the people that died like, where's your proof? That's good that mean you're bit like it like you said and you want to be genuine, right? So how do you feel about like censoring yourself when it comes to like the whole cancel culture thing? Right like being yourself to you? How much do you worry about what you're saying is being offensive to someone or you know, you might want to hold back because you don't want to They canceled. Yeah, I don't know. I feel like I don't really talk. I don't talk politics and I don't talk any of that kind of stuff. So I mean if people are just offended with me just being Mike probably solve who I am as a person and I don't want to get into that cuz everyone has their own opinion. You're never going to be able to please everybody I care about my opinion. It's my secret thoughts and no need to know about except my family. You're very wise for your age. It's for your age. I have to say like your answers in the way you approach different things very very wise they call I listen to is probably why are most people who talk to you that are a lot older than you are they kind of surprised at how you carry yourself. Write my only friend cuz I dropped out of high school and I was 14. I have freshman year. I dropped out of high school and I was home school before that and stuff. So my mom is like my bestest friend the world like she is like my best friend. Like I've haven't really ever had like a friend my age. That's really my I got bad friends and then they're not my friends anymore. I like I've never really got the best friend. That's my church. My mom is my best friend. And when I was when I dropped out she was in cosmetology school like to do like I said Titian, so I was in school before I dropped out. I wasn't ever at school. Like I just would never got to go to school with my mom and I'm from every single friend was her friend my friend. Like I was best friend like all my friends have always been older my my best friend other than my mom is 35. So I always have gotten along with older women. I don't know why I never can relate to girls my age. There's want to do things. I don't want to do they talk about things on my and then older women. I can relate to them. We're best friends. Like they I feel like they don't even think cuz we I was like 17. I'm at my my best friend and she's ten years older than me and she's like, she's sometimes I think like now you're only blow her like I like, how are you this young? Cuz you're more mature than most of my friends are my age. So I think it's just I think some people are just old souls like in my 40s on my clock. I wish I would have lived my life do anything fun. Like, I'm really a homebody. I don't want to go to the club. Like I'm like, I don't want to regret not having fun. But to me, it's not fun. Like, you know, what I'm having fun is like and I'm home with my dog's going to dinner, but everyone will talk to another angle. I have a lot of saliva that she doesn't let him. You're welcome back every time it's it's very entertaining. I know that being said we would take a quick cheesy break and we'll be right back. And we're back. Look back. Okay. I have a question Frances to scripture of an Indian. You mentioned that you your Christian. Did you did you grow up in a Christian household or did you know I don't like Sam Christian or anything just because the Christians are like a bad rap sometimes really really judgmental like some people think of in the Texas Sigma about it. Like I just say I have a relationship with my Lord and I love Jesus and I have my own walk with him. And that's what it is that you have to say that though like that. You have to be afraid. Call Kevin I think that I've come across a lot of Christians are very judgemental that make me don't want to associate with them because if that's okay because you think I am going to say a religion but I just feel like there's so many judgemental Christians and they do like the trying to like make you feel like a horrible person it like we're all Sinners and where we can't be perfect. That's why we have Jesus, you know, so I feel like some people try to like say things make it's just like not good with their words in their own way and all this good stuff. Yeah, they're like Hypocrites like like they don't they're like hating and it also we're not supposed to judge other people and they're literally judging every single thing and saying that you're going to help you. That's not me and that's not like what I Bridgestone, did you grow up in it or did or was it something you discovered later on in life there a friend or my own research and I believe and do what my parents are like I do it for myself. So yeah, I love Jesus and that's just how long have you been here? Yeah, I would actually come out here for a month like an Airbnb and then go home from a cuz I just don't really want to live fully out here cuz like I just heard the crazy stories about the people out here in like even just beat out here for months is like hard to know who's really his trailer just like, you know, I just want to get wrapped up in the wrong things. But now I live here and I think I'm just morally very straight so I don't get caught up in the wrong thing. So now that you're out here, have you found a friend who's more your age? I guess, you know cuz you said you didn't really have that. I like then unlike I guess I will yeah, actually I do I have one of my really really really good friends name is not as in like she's actually going to be my I'm hiring her to be my assistant actually because she's like one of the few people I can trust she's like amazing and I always have my back, you know, like I'll meet friends will have friends and like I just feel like they don't want to really be my friend. Like I just I'm like if you're my friend like I think that you're like my sister like we're friends like I want to be besties. I don't want to tell each other everything. I want to be so close like girls who want to be like that with me like they have their other friend and then they don't invite me and they don't want to really be friends. I like they want to be friends and they don't want to be friends. So that's why I don't really I'm not friends with like other like influenster girls or anything a lot. I'm just like friends like girls who are like normal cuz they actually want to be my friend like I don't like fake shit. Like I'm not going to be friends with you on the internet and then not friends outside the inner, you know, I want to actually meet friends. Oh interesting. Sounds like the reason I ask is because of this mindset of someone who is from like a small town or something. And you said you were going to rent in Colorado timely small town in Colorado over and I was just curious is how long you been here? Because I grew up in a small town in Hawaii. And when I moved here, I found probably the same things. I was kind of shocked and then not prepared for the people that live here than all the people here like that. But there is a lot of on how to describe it just Manipulation I guess if you think about everyone here has a reason to be here and they are trying to be successful. So this is like stepping on people to get there, you know, and if you're not that type of person you can get stuff done very easily. So you just have to kind of be mindful of those Thai people not everyone is like that could you can get successful and you can Collide With People and you can do things in a loving way and uplift each other not Hammond stuff. I need to get to where I'm going but it's more people are very insecure and themselves that they don't feel that's possible because it's like all just this relationship. Could it be authentic because I can't fathom having one like that. So they're so used to just taking advantage of others because they're afraid of being taken advantage of themselves be fine. That's one of the reasons why you're more of a homebody as well. Yeah, I don't know. Everyone just wants to go out in LAX took loves him like you you there's nothing worse in life than standing up his dirty couch with a bunch of girl spilling drinks on me to get on this couch light to take my spot. Stop stepping on my toes have it. I'm leaving like why do we have to stand on this couch anyway, so I don't have to stay around this couch. When we like go out like somewhere else like more room like we get these couches out of here in like it cuz my mom tells me stories about like when she was like younger my age going to do is like a dance floor on people are having fun. Now it's like ratchet music and we're on a couch and there's drinks being spilled on me and like people stepping on my toes trying to get on the couch light cuz drunk girls trying to get like on the couch sometimes I'm like and I'm not like a crazy partier. I'm just going to chill in there is none. Like I don't want to be here but it feels like a dance floor and we had a room and we could actually like drinking have fun in like dancers a man. If you lot more fun. I just don't really like the couches and the vibe like, I mean, I have to be really drunk to go to the club. Ryan a little baby right now. You can see it as eyes. I'm so pleasantly surprised right now. I don't like you would actually Dance I'm not answer when I'm sober. I just got the world like I'm friends with everyone like it's probably like when I'm drunk I go to every single person that my client. My name is Summer and I give him a hug. I wake up the next day and I like hope to God like that was a dream because it's like I'm overly friendly with my God what I do that, but I mean, I can't be my inner self is very friendly and I want to be friends with everyone so it comes out and then I'm like, but you have to be careful cuz people are mean to take that on it in a completely different way how you been girl is too because you like a why she's so friendly. What does she want? Which is why I'm saying it's a little different here. It's all everyone's on like the lookout for like everything. So even if someone's not even being like that you you could think every little movement that they're doing. It could be like that because we're on the lookout for someone to mess up like like I said, so place in Vegas you guys go out alot. No, no, no. No, we don't move to Vegas I lived and then I just wasn't a fan. So I moved back to our flight and surprisingly it's it's super chill. It's not the strip the day walking around with one of those big like yesterday. I see looking things out. I'm like that's Vegas like chilling far far from the strip. I don't even know people go clubbing here. She's like a clothing designer. Like she writes on jackets like pants on jackets and she has one that says loss and bottle service killed Los Angeles and it's so true like bottle service couches and stuff. That's what status right like, my mama told me. There's no bottle service. There is a VIP room and then they go by your ownself comes in you need a couch and a table for the bottle service and that's how you get alcohol and stuff. I mean they're so far but it's a whole different life now, so I should have been born in a different time. I wish I was a teenager with my mom. That sounds weird. Let me know if you see her as your best friend like she had the same kind of energy is you a little bit more laid-back. I'm a little bit more crazy, but now she's like the funnest coolest am I Crazy, that's me. That's why you guys I think you naturally have a lot of energy and I think that also aids your workout schedule like you just explode really I really am. Sometimes when I'm not working out I'm like I just freaked out but I'm like fine two seconds later. I forget that I even freaked out everyone's like acting like I did something on my way. I think that's why you are the way you are. I think you have so much in and you said your metabolism is high. You just have so much energy you have to do something with him. If not, you're going to explode yet speaking of exerting energy. I saw one of your recent videos YouTube videos that you were in the Challenger games that the Paul Brothers put on your super athletic. I saw you running on that track about this because the girl who won has a scholarship in track. You can't be here as I clean. Like tag football whatever with LeBron, I don't know. Does he play football for? Illinois volleyball game of basketball like pick up out with LeBron James. I guess who's the girl in second place then or okay. So the gun would offer. I've said this so many times people are going to be like what the hell somebody we get it. So everyone's like I thought like they said I don't never run track before I didn't like before I dropped out. I liked it a few practices, but I never like I dropped out of school. So I got him in like finish track or whatever, but I guess they're not supposed to say to 3 or 1 to 3 and just a gun shop at the gun show and everyone win. Then I was like and then I went so if you would like to watch the thing clip, I don't go right away. So in the start is everything. So if you don't go with another girl who won she's like a track person. So she did the blocks and everything. I don't know how to use a block so I was just wasn't fair. I probably could have won if I let that girl wasn't in it like we're not supposed to be here and then And then yeah, and then if I had a good start because I caught up with everyone except her cuz she's like really Fresh Start if you watch it. I really go like 4-5. It's a lot. It's a lot when you're like an erase the second but the guy who got first. He's like an actual Sprinter or an athlete or something like that. Are you competitive that you seem very good? I was just going to say. I want something I work hard for it. And I think that's just but even if she has a scholarship in track if she's an Entertainer, she should still be allowed to compete in this kind sign choose a YouTuber. I'm assuming she had to be red or like something to influence Olympian influencer. Decatur Elementary Power to care about it. So that's why it's person. I was camping like the whole week but I came home early from my camping trip in Colorado to do it so hard on myself and all she can compete is fine guys other than what it what are your other Hobbies? I mean, I like to paint like I was telling you guys have paint all over my arms. I like to eat. That's like a hobby. I like to say that's like a good one. Like maybe I should you have the metabolism for it and you work out enough so It is no actually YouTubers are the sky Matt stonie who eats like ridiculous amounts of food in like certain amount of time and it's just like it's it's so impressive. Yeah. I just want to stretch out. My stomach know he's mad skinny dude is so what? He's like the sharpest jawline ever to wow. And what was it? Sorry by click always know how to ride a horse. That's like my like foundation of life. I was just back like around the time of the Challenger games, whatever I was in Colorado and I came back early for it. And yes, that's the first time I've been home in like a year, so I don't really go back to often. I just feel like when I go home, I like I like to see my family and everything is like right when I'm seeing them and then I see them all and There's just nothing to do like I need to go and then I almost get depressed because I'm like, there's so much stuff that I should be doing like for work and stuff. So you guys have lyrics to there's nothing to do in this small town Lake Larkspur anymore, but it's a suburb of Denver and like they live in the outskirts of Denver and it's pretty mistress is just not the same as here is not fast paced like it's not like the stuff to do like it's just kind of like, yeah. Okay, like I just like to do I like to unlike a go go go by persons or go get her but you're also a homebody like I have a gym at my house and have a paint studio. So I don't have to go anywhere everything. You need to talk about kind of like this. The painting that you did you did choose and stuff that I like so I've been painting them and I don't really want to like stall them inside because like, how do you like what how do I put a price on that? Anyways, cuz like I don't want to put it to Logan's like this is my hard work and I'm going to put a too high and people be like really but it's like we're going to pay that for that light come on. So I want people kind of does if they want them to decide what they would like to pay. So I don't know any other like auctioning like betting site only eBay so I put them on eBay. Yeah, so I'd like three of them on there. I was just I like to do like some crazy stuff. I don't even know what people would like to wear but like whatever whoever buys them and I like like I have to personally ship it out for them and stuff. So I'm going to go take a video of me shipping it out on a pillow know I'm going to sign and stuff. So it's like pretty personal. You know, I painted that with my bare hands sweat and tears blood to is that you bled for paint colors on Instagram for you know, Jennifer to generate revenue for yourself. Do you do a lot of brand deals or do you go out and model professionally? I know you have a fitness app is like, where do you generate your revenue from being an influencer? I'm not really focused on like really working for like a ton of other brands. Like I'm really focused on like building my own IP and like Like well, I hope you won't think about like say against Rams gone tomorrow or they like do something with a growth on it's hard to grow. You know, that's not ours. Like we're putting everything into this platform that we don't own like at the end. They I don't own those followers and stuff. So they took it away. Like they have the power to do that. So I'm just trying to build my own IP in like my own like businesses and stuff outside of Instagram. So that's kind of what I'm focusing on is like building my my own stuff like a clothing brand in the clothing brand and then the subscription box and then I'm making a toil. I love Argan Oil something like an Argan Oil. I think I'm going to call it summer Rock and ISO Moroccan like summer. I can like cousin Raquel. What is Moroccan oil and argan oil on my skin like brand fashion brand, but I'm not calling because my one brand is I called Summer Rae like it's a fitness line, but I'm doing another fashion one, but I'm not going to like name and my name and I'm not want even people to know that it's mine because then like some Girls aren't going to support my brand because it's like oh, I don't want I don't like summer, you know, and it's more like a person like I like the clothes. I like her but I'm going to make another line has nothing to do with me and then the where the clothes cuz I'm actually doing PSD underwear brand like one of the boys in briefs. I'm doing a iCloud with them and do my own underwear at them which will be fun. And then I'm doing like you have energy drink like ninja but I like this company called a raise. It's weird cuz like my last name is right and then it's like r a z e they hit me up and I'm like making my own flavor at them. I think I want to do it like Sunshine like a taste like sunshine like my own energy drink and I think I'll be is not like you have about your own brand of energy drink. I'm just going to like partner with them and make my own flavored something like that with energy drinks a lot of work, but I mean like how do you balance all that? Because I mean that's that's a lot of things unless do you have help? And I'm now going to have an assistant like my friend that I was talking about. But yeah, I just kind of handle like creative and like my decision is obviously cuz that's my brand but then he kind of handles more like the business aspect of it when it comes down to like being my like, you know, like the bad guy like saying like, nope. Summer can't do that cuz I can pee and be like damn close my own do you like I'm the nice one. Like I'm like and he's like no she needs more and then there's me. Smart then also I have my own podcast called. Oh honey. It's pretty fun. That's with Amanda. Cerny have a podcast good time. She was on Vine first right? You weren't on Vine Vine. Like no one Vines going to be like around like when I was in high school and stuff. So with my friends, I would do like Lisa Loeb I if I was never like famous or popular I didn't get famous Off Vine. I'm just trying to remember the time. When was Instagram first, right? I think that there are but yeah, she's 28 29, so and she's been doing this for a while. So I think that I don't know it looks like it was like 5, maybe then his grandma Instagram is still around when they hurt anybody and I was weaned Instagram. I don't know guys Instagram was like year was up for a long time and Vine like popped off really hard and an Instagram kind of adapted towards that and it's like I'm always curious on like where it's going to go. Like are there just always going to be like what are the influencers going to turn into or they just got me influencers? Like what's the difference between like a modern-day celebrity an influencer? Like what it's gotten what's going to happen with it? So it's so new and like I feel like everyone's an influence or not his like they talk about if there's like this girl like my mom's an influencer my sisters and influenza remind my dad could probably play. I mean it just a matter how big they are right, Sam l Looks like we got some questions here for you got one here from never Noble opinions your thoughts on the paranormal ghost are leaving. Yeah, I believe in like if you believe him like God you believe in the devil. So I believe that there's demonic beings in the world. And you know, I believe that if you had any experiences though personally and it was built on an Indian Indian burial ground. So actually collected I had a whole tub of like arrowheads, you know, like the Indians like me, So yeah, I found them all over the place like obviously wasn't in there. Where are the other day there so quiet you suck and left us with nothing. But yeah so up. And I just have a lot of stories. I don't know if you guys like want to hear them. But like I had my my siblings have twin siblings like boy-girl twins and they're like a year younger than me and my mom and dad left them home and me and my other sister went to Lake Powell with them one time and my grandma I was watching them hit you put them upstairs to go to bed and they kept like putting up a fuss to go to bed like getting up crying like, you know, like wouldn't lay down to go to bed. So she went up there a few times like heard them like walk like Tuesday go up there and get mad at them like stop right and then like the third or fourth time she did that. She heard them cry. She swears like my grandma told us a story. She's like swears that they are crying like, you know, like making noise playing with each other laughing. She goes up there dead asleep like that asleep at the same place. Okay, and we always saw this girl I called was my sister has long black hair, right and my aunt does too. So I would we would always see this like girls like long black hair like and I like it was like a white like bathroom like robe like, you know, like dress texting so we would see him walking the rooms and stuff and then we think we really weren't you just upstairs like it was where we always saw this like girls like a long black hair like all the time. I've seen her like she would walk into like rooms like all the time and like my family would tell you that too. So Okay. Well that took a turn those kind of stories and it's so crazy. I don't believe it. But that's so actually so minimal that I kind of I believe it. Yeah, the tricking Panda. Do you have any weird or hidden talents? low deep end about That's when you realize you could do that my whole life like we've gone way back without telling either of your parents do that. I haven't conquered that I'm not like that level yet. Okay, well good to know. I mean got another one, How do you figure that out as a town like where you tied up as a kid? When do you know my mom's like, you know, like that's like I don't know like your parents would like Cheerios on life and your little baby because it's so weird but like we always act like we're animals like of some sort of like we'd be dogs or cats or Wolves or whatever and play mom would actually give us our food like our dinner and stuff on the floor. Like I would like lick it out like she was that Like we will be showing character of like being an animal that I'm at my mom's like your food and like, you know, those like ice cream sandwiches. We would like to take off the top of like ice cream sandwich and put on a plate and just lick it. So I really got to see why you're friends with your mom. She seems like she really fine. He's like a most amazing like fun energy like you would think that she's my age like ordinal actually. She's older like she's younger than me. Like I always say that I'm her mom and she didn't she said I'm her mom like I have to like keep her on the up-and-up. But yeah, if you like to see my mom at his grandma's help you understand what kind of mom she is and she's 55. She looks nothing like that. This is nice. This is very interesting. I think people will see a different side of you for sure. You have anything anything that you want to plug right now? I think I found a lot of things going on YouTube. I'm excited for that. Like I just found like a really cool kid. He's going to always be unlock office and cool videos. So I'll send that up again, but she needs more publicity there. But yes, I thought it was. People not go with your real name on my stage name like my name is Summer Rae and then my last name I-80. I've never gone by baby cuz my dad's adopted and I don't even know his father family or anything and I don't really like them. So I've always gone by Ray my whole life. So that's my name like I made up so you probably already Ciara Instagram. Thank you again so much for being here. Make sure you can follow us at off the pill on Twitter at off the pill podcast on Instagram. And yeah the way we end these are basically just breathe into the mic and 3 2 1 He always has really bad. He said it's bad for the mics, but we just did it once and we just keep doing it.