Yeah, all like being interrogated. Yeah. Yeah, we're in the interrogation of the hot seat today nice having you talk more. Yeah, people don't know this. So Derek. I mean you've seen him in the videos and stuff. He just got back from China. He has been gone. You haven't been in here for a long time. It's been like a month and a half or so. Yeah, but Derek was in China dancing for the Jabbawockeez. Yeah. It was fun. I basically took a small leave from rhpc and I started doing rehearsals in a Las Vegas and I weird preparing for our show, which was like pretty much like 6 weeks over at MGM cotai which is in China as a part of a cult. I like the city Macau is like the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.Panama City, that's where you would say to the taxi drivers cuz there's two strips right out there. So like Vegas trips. Yeah, there's like in downtown Las Vegas. Yeah. So when you tell someone especially if you didn't even speak the same language is that we would tell Mike and Jim ketai cuz there's to MGM properties and they would try to take us to the other one, but we would tell him quote. I thought you were living out there for about a little over a month, right? Yeah. Pretty much like 6 weeks. We did the shows are the first team to ever have residency out there. They never had like a a team or an act that stayed on the show stayed on the stage for that amount of time. Everyone's always done like one-off performances or like, you know, quick show here and there and then they leave but they never had one group to stay so weird hours and just to get background for people that might not know Derek is a before he started working with us editing and stuff. He was actually a break dancer and you're in the Jabbawockeez show here and it is a whole world class.World class breakdancer phone internationally to perform they laid real competition top-ranked b-boy. Yep, but he don't talk about it cuz he's trying to be all modest and stuff. And also, he's one of the quietest people in the group only modest but he's actually a very physically talented and can pretty much pick up anything physical that he tries. Yeah, you guys are freaking kind a kind shut up people know we did the show 7 shows a week. We had double show. So we did two shows a day. Sometimes the crowd was like sixteen hundred people. The first show was probably like the most nerve-wracking for me because they want to make sure the show ran smooth and I was the audience there. Like, how did it differ from like out here? They're so different also and out here in America, like people will cheer the clap.I'll give you a standing ovation the laugh out there. It's like it's just crickets and stuff too. But you like almost have to tell him to interrupt the performers. You know, you think so even even when I saw like a movie out there. It was so crazy just because their culture is so different. So I movie theater. Yeah, I went to a movie theater and basically I sat dead center of the theater and I had a couple on my right hand side and they have their cell phones out with their screen all the way up just like the brightness. Yeah, just during the whole movie then the couple on my left was just have a normal conversation not even about the movie just talking. That's a no. Yeah, and I was like, that's just like the culture out there in like I know eventually getting out of my seeing picking a new one thing. He was to be better, but it was like the same thing happening when I saw you think that's just a cultural thing in China.Which is a little different it's just a little different. I mean like even like personal bubble space was different all I know that I do they get in your face real close or not on purpose. I mean, yeah, but yeah, like if there's room in an elevator like you can easily go to the corner but they'll just be like in your face. So The Stereotype, I mean, I don't know if I should say this or not go for it when people videos. I'm sure not adults. I'm not saying every single person but yeah, Sarah type is it as you know Chinese tourist from China or tend to be known as like kind of well in our culture rude, but all that are actually it's not even considered part of the culture like talking during the movie having your screen brightness up like it's like that goes opposite of what you're saying. It's not like they're trying to be respectful and not clap for you guys cuz they don't care about interrupting Michelle completely. They have some you know, we had some good nights were like, you know tons of people clap and laugh but we also had some bad nights 2 or it was just a quiet in I think he'd sometimes you got to go.You got experience the bad to appreciate the good right? But it's just different like it when people with foreigners come out here and they do things that are culturally different for us. We think that they're rude or yeah, you know, but they probably think the same thing about us when we go over there. That's true. I mean like when we went to Japan, I felt like I became a more polite person, but I know for a fact that I was offending probably a lot of people cuz I don't know we don't act the way they act extremely polite everything they do is super polite and like down to like I got yelled at when I first went out there for like a business trip because I didn't accept somebody's business card with two hands. If you kiss on hand you a business card with two hands and you don't get used to have to grab it from them. That's really disrespectful in Japan. I don't know if that's where else but I got yelled at dad about you when you receive it kind of ball like when you say hello and stuff. But yeah, I like those little things and even like just like slurping when you're eating Ramen is considered polite.Yeah, but it's a compliment to the chef. So like it's not like I can see both sides like for certain things that we considered to be rude. I guess they probably see Americans go to Japan. I was just there. Yeah, I just kidding, but you are out there especially for an American. I'm definitely out there but I have a I'm self-aware myself a lot more now than I have been before right now. I'm going to bed a little bit if I'm being rude like you guys or whatever it's a joke, right? It's acceptable.Is it is it is it is it is or like most people I think we see it from a third-person perspective when you're like a restaurant or something. And you do something you think is funny I ordered for example what I don't know what just like yelling and joking with the waiter that who might not be having a good day. And you're just assuming that you're making their day by making him to be a waiter. That's why and so I can you go through repetition all the time and that I have someone like that cuz usually when I joke with him, it's like a compliment type of thing to let me ask you this writing when you introduce people to Paco. Do you have like a disclaimer that you sell to a certain degree? Yeah, he's different a lot of people I met Paco all and then wait they see their reaction to how they felt about you because I don't do they always funny and it's okay. Yeah.but he does dumb things but if it's like, yeah, I'm at Paco and they don't and they stop there and it's like yeah, I'm sorry, man. Just like the three. Something. I don't know. Unpredictable, I do a lot of dumb things. But usually the situation is right eye say whether it was better. When we first met you you are very wild know. I was I was actually very conservative with you guys at the very beginning. He was it was like that brief like when you're shy funny funny story about entering the menu and entered the group Derek we found out like we this past year when Paco first came here three years ago. We didn't know this but Derek didn't like him for a year. I didn't know that it's like two years and Eric so quiet and polite. He won't say anything even when he didn't like me came up with me wild card by then what to do while car again? I mean, I guess what did you like? What do you like about him so much that I don't even know man. It's just it's kind of a difficult question. I'm awesome or you think you hate me but I'm just all he said nobody said they hated you. I just didn't know who you were. I didn't know like what your intentions were with the group. I guess. I was kind of being like the protective guy of the of the group, you know, like, the guard dog, you know, I mean wasting time to people come in the group and leave the group for different reasons. Maybe they've asked her stuff and maybe they wanted something like personally but with pocket I just I had no idea with him no idea what his intentions were right, but I mean like over time became a cool guy, but you know, I did I did have to make a disclaimer for them to Who did you do? Who did you talk to everyone? I mean, he's different. Mine's more like crazy Paco. He's a cool guy, but he does some shocking stuff. So I'm sorry. It's not a big deal cuz they know I like most of time you're doing as a joke for whatever reason even if it's not necessarily, you know their style of Comedy. You'll still do it. Yeah, but people sometimes that You might make us laugh, but they might be like, well, that's rude. Yeah, I don't know. You're joking. Yeah, that's fine. But you're not not to hate on you or anything. Like I say is for your sake. Yeah. Yeah. I know you looking out for me. He's just joking out of you too, you know. Okay. I'm the one that does like all this crazy stuff maybe in public what it could be a lovely Mart dangerous, but all of us do something crazy to an extent. I mean with an R Group within our gross friend groups do that a lot of things and do things in front of each other. They would never do with you know out in public. I'm not the only one who gets naked in the group. You're not say who it is, but you definitely get naked for no reason the most for sure I would say we don't ask you to but it makes you guys laugh. It's more like a shocking kind of thing. Obit down I notice will make people laugh, you know him a little bit of its not what I asked a little bit of energy. I mean, maybe it helps some of the guys you laugh do though. Sometimes I like most of time I see him do this left, but he laughs after he likes his forehead a little bit. When is it going to be over dark? No, see why a guy who's like always like not going to say what he's thinking. It's a Sara Lee going to be polite and respectful relationship use it works if you have two of you in a group and it becomes competitive. Kangaroos have like one guy like that is like you have two people are like that that that would like a good understanding of each other in a relationship where that it is too much of a competition, you know when to stop cuz there are there are very few people who can do that. That is true. Yeah, you know what the on basement entertainment your the character people like though cuz you're like the not at first you're like the Naruto basically sorry not at all like the crazy guy who's like the does things that people make shake their head at that's a funny the people you're like the Ralph from Simpsons. Are you go? I don't know what that is, but it's the guy that picks his nose. Okay. Alright give this way before Derek. Derek is a troll. He is a troll. It's not really a dick like Derek time. He'll pretend to be more confused and confusing than he really is I think and it's not for I do things usually to make you guys laugh Derek does things to make himself laugh your own entertainment. Sometimes you just like dude. This is going to make me laugh for sure. I mean, you know, I don't even do it on purpose. I just naturally do it. You know what? I mean? I think it's your upbringing right? You said your dad does that to you? Yeah, my dad. My dad likes to joke a lot to maybe that's where I get it from but I don't know. I mean I just I just talked man. I just do me dude. Just like right nothing. Crazy Mary. That is true Derek. Just does Derek regardless of who's around so. And how about you Ryan? What what do you have any disclaimer? You have a disclaimer for Ryan? I have a disclaimer for Ryan and it is basically adding onto a David and Arden said don't ever be more like dope my thing. I always say is if you get them out of that house, that's amazing. That's that shitt talking about I'm doing my hardest to help so that when they meet you there not like oh I should be offended. Yeah, this guy does not like people he stays home and he does not want to meet you know, there's something crazy outlandish about Ryan at Ryan's never said I look forward to other people but there's a lot of times where I mean, it's just happened so often them just like what did I say that I do that? I don't just like you wouldn't go with you. That's very true. I'm being honest man. It's not being honest with yourself. Damn, this became a therapy session. Hey, you know, I do. Episode. I mean as a therapy session, but it's fun. Are peas good we could all have therapy. There's no Stigma around that. Is there a Panera pcness of the week Bad? Come on thing actually like therapies. Actually I think is really helpful cuz I had a heart-to-heart talk with you yesterday and I got to actually like really good to just tear out everything we did that in private. But now you can tell the podcast in the world. What time is it off camera? Like I may I may look like pretty sad and stuff on camera, but off-camera. I really got to talk to Ryan about some personal stuff that's happening in my life and Yeah, it was it was really good to air it out and you gave me some like helpful information and Direction and just advise that I feel as like I need to hear so well, that's good. I don't want to pry if it's too private, you know, but I guess for viewers that maybe could be going through something similar to you. You know, maybe you can give him like some general advice that would you guys spoke about you know, if you don't feel comfortable talking to bring up to the point that you want to talk about it. I mean to summon up I'm basically going through a breakup and you know, it's it's real tough, you know coming out from a long relationship and I just you know, I felt lost I felt confused felt like in that acquitting this guy over here just like really like instilled some some good words back into me and I think of anyone is having like some similar trouble like that. It's probably best that turns your friends and talk to each other rather than just holding it in because those thoughts can go deeper and deeper and deeper and that stuff can man Listen to something like real negative. Well, I think the reason why I even said anything is because I mean we could I mean I could see it that there was like something bothering you and then I'm like you and that I like to hold in my own feel. Like I'm like, I'm not going to bother someone else gas and that's not going to help me. You don't even though it does it does help even if you're like me or Derrick where you just don't like to talk about your feelings and I don't know that I'll bring anything or just personality thing but it's literally the opposite of him like Paco it could you have issues you literally? Hey, can we talk like I would never say that there would never say that, you know, unless I unless I go to him or vice versa and I feel that I feel that like a like, of course, I'm going through some stuff in like in my head. What's the point of calling someone else to everyone's got their own problems, you know, like, why would I want to bring my problems on to someone else or what? It was actually really helpful to just kind of like talking through right? So I would recommend that I think from my perspective. Different like you had said the reason why I bring up my problems because I know other people have different perspectives and that they have of you that you know, maybe could show me. Oh, I didn't consider this, you know, maybe in it. Sometimes we get too caught up in our own thoughts and we overthink situations and we start going down a tangent. That's like not even logical or possible but it's because we're so consumed in this that having someone else from an outside view speak into our lives in space nobody who cares about us and we'll be real with us and not sugarcoat it like that. That's always help one. That's what I think and that's why I like I appreciate you guys. I think the number one thing that we came to as a conclusion yesterday and I don't I don't I mean without having to say too much you can talk later if you want, but I think the number one thing that I think I learned that yesterday would I was telling you I think I told you to in the in the past but it was that it's okay to feel shity like you should feel shity cuz we were talking over like a couple of drinks and I was just worried like I've seen people when they go to that kind of stuff they be you know, where is a smoke or they drink or they do whatever they can to can't escape it but it's not you're not really escaping anything like you're just putting it off and it's going to let it build it like it's just getting worse and worse and worse and the worse it gets the more you drink or smoke to cover it up and it just keeps building. It's not going anywhere. You might feel fine cuz you're high or drunk but it's it's just building. So at some point you got to face it and you're it if you let it build more it's going to be worse later down the road. That's the way I see it at least and I think it's okay to just like that. You should be feeling like shit, like, don't try and like avoiding. Could you got a face at some point? You're in China was actually like something that I the whole China trip felt like fate to me with the conversations I have with people and the things that I learned in one of the things I learned over there was at like, you know, I was taught like a A10 A10 Ruhl & Ruhl a week kind of thing, which is if you have like a lot of stress in your life you have like a lot depression or issues. Are you going through like, you know try to maximize at the 10 and what do you think is really worth the effort to stress over? So for example of your stress about money your stress about like, you know, your situation your living situation that's already two things, you know when you only have eight left and if you give that a week, when are you can pile on a lot of things and in a list of 10, you know, so what really deserves our time or really deserves like your energy to really feel negative about something. So you're saying like you only have the capacity to care about 10 things that what you're saying. Yeah, and those 10 things should be very valuable. Like I should really be something that makes Outlet. Robin like you know, there's tons of little things that people are always stress about you know, Finance. I don't know what social media right shoes. I don't know you don't like everyone's got their own problems, but is it really worth like to make water sounds like a therapist out there and she told me like, you know, that's how she comes with stuff. She also told me like, you know, she has like this five-year-old or some like that where is something is not going to affect you in 5 years and you shouldn't put that much effort into it. I was like, I never I never really thought of it like that. So it was It was kind of cool to hear your different perspectives, like how you said, you know, yeah. Yeah and then for the disclaimer and everything like just because you're going through a breakup and everything doesn't mean you have any ill-will towards Erica Wright wish anything bad. Hair weave hat what? You know, we've had a good relationship and I don't want nobody to tweet native things to her right back, You know, we had a clean break up It's just tough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and if you like respect like Derek and and Erica or even just Derek whatever Ryan guys like you would not go after, you know, some like that especially if you still like care about them as a friendship. Yeah for sure. We're definitely friends. I mean, we still talk sometimes we have lunch and you know, it's just it's just a different page now, which is okay. Yeah. I went we went deep therapy session. I did I was early into the podcast. How was it for you when you made that video, you know, you made a video on your YouTube channel about a break-up did that help it it helps me a lot and I'm very lucky that you know, I didn't they come out with my relationship and see like who it was and stuff and show but it was very therapeutic to me because like you guys said I'm I'm somebody who like really I'm very I wear my heart on my sleeve. I'm very emotional. I'm not soft though, but like a pretty soft and then you're definitely more emotional than both of us. I think election Charmin toilet paper. He puts toilet paper emojis. Be transparent with William and say like this is the mistakes. I made this is how I was viewing life and her and clearly I was I had a lot of clouded judgement I was infatuated and it was kind of just like cuz it's something that everybody goes through everybody goes to that like that first relationship or or you know, one of the first ones and it just does not go well and everyone has to go through that but a lot of times people will be like all this first relationship with movie everything that over romanticize it is all my fault and for me, I felt that way too but I also learned things from it and I was like, this is like not just the advice that I have to give but it's kind of advice that you all like poured into me and like spoken to me, you know, so in a way I was just like regurgitating a lot of things that you guys have told me. She basically stole my video then and like our videos then yeah, and I made money off of it stay at nice nice, dude. I know I did well as a group with no cuts no edits, cuz I wanted to be very like transparent show. Like I didn't write down any of this, you know right now get moving on to a non a less serious Topic in something since Derek's here. Yeah. I know. He's really into Avengers comes out soon and game nap Derek is one of those hardcore marvelous. Do you call yourselves marblers? Yeah marvelous, people watches like every single one when it come right in theaters when it comes out and what are you going to eat if you'll go by himself and watch it and you know, I've seen some I mean I would say about 50% tacos in one movie Iron Man Iron Man and it's funny cuz we're all coming out. Andadera, you're just hiked because the last one right? I mean, it's not going to be the last Avengers ever. I thought it is if you know, so basically the directors right you talked about it since you're the fan I mean it was more so the actors, you know, their contracts are coming to an end. They've done the character for like 10 plus years, you know, they're all so, you know, who knows where they're going to take the storyline. I don't I don't know since we haven't seen the movie yet, but who knows like Iron Man could be be finished Captain Captain America to be finished who knows, you know, maybe the originals are done, but I know that Avengers will still live on through like Spider-Man and like the other characters like Bucky or whoever, you know, right black panther basically also the Twitter letter was saying like that their Journey has come to an end and like, you know, every all the hard work that everybody's put in like don't spoil it. Like don't be one of those douchebags to spoil things suck. The Game of Thrones just premiered. Yeah and that's like a meme in itself like it's your and it's like a picture of someone dead or you know something something like that. There's a reason why I didn't watch the what was it? There's a big thing out of the Avengers that the most recent one that came out in theaters, but I knew that I was like, okay, well something happens and there's a meme and people disintegrate or something like that. If you haven't seen it by the time of theaters that is your problem, like for real, like people do that when that was I coming out live and like people get mad cuz I would talk about stuff that came out like maybe about like a month or two. I'm like what if you're not going to like if you're not going to keep up and you don't really care that much and that's why I felt too. I didn't care that I knew that ending but I didn't watch it was on Netflix different storylines and characters into one movie. That was like just blew your mind, you know, like they've been doing this. What for a long time like over a decade, you know just planting seeds and letting you letting it grow watering in and everything and everyone together. So it's a dope Movie Marvel knows what's up. She's so I I've always been like excited that I was excited cuz I thought I was coming to an end because I don't like those movies but because it's like all these talented actors and talented like screenwriters and all these people putting all this every movie that comes out. These days are like A recreation of something I did nothing really original anymore that does box office like records other than stuff that like Jordan Peele is doing with get out at me. There's there's some others too that are doing original stuff but everything else like oh they're making a live-action Disney movie you're doing tomorrow cuz they know what makes money but like I just miss the days when like you missed some everyone there was a unique idea or it's a kind of like this but it's it's not just a re-creation of something that's already been told. So who do you blame me blame the Studio's you blame like audience retention. It's both pretend. It's it's the audience it's our fault for buying into it like a of course this dude is going to make what they want to make right? But it is also I think the Studio's because they decide who they're going to fund their stun guns of talented writers and scripts constantly being, you know, I'm sure pitch to The Studio's ban. Shy with a make those movies and take the risk of putting in all this money for something that they don't know how it's going to do verse. Make something that's already has a proven fan base and for sure milk benefits, you know have to say you're talking about you. I just want I think for the most YouTube like that's what happened to you to you will like a formula like they like knowing what's going to happen when money gets involved yet how it isn't she I was excited but I think it's 6:00. Seriously. Yeah, I got my movie ticket for the premier and then I bought another movie tickets for IMAX. Are you going to the one here? Is there one here? I mean like I just bought a movie ticket to a regular theater. When you see it from here, I was thinking like red carpet and agno3 my bed. Oh, no. I was just cool like that. All right. Well on that note, I didn't know we were already at that point, but we have to take a shisha break. So I'll be right back. We'll be right back. When is snap Thanos out of us can go she she. Just got a Purdy. And we're back that was louder than usual was it and you're still eating this we didn't give you enough time or okay, so do we just wait for you or like are you good now we can start. Okay, I guess and and now we're back. So what else you got on the agenda today? Adair can bring it up and there's a man still on the Avengers theme can't believe he did that to the world. Do you like? Yeah. Okay. So the one thing I did like about Avengers Infinity War. It's very similar and I tweeted something like this is a joke. That is so similar to like a lot of the villains in Naruto Naruto just for the people get mad at me for saying it wrong and see it right. I'll fight you America. Okay, that's how I speak from now ready to get some Erica that Thanos and the villains that they have, you know in like Naruto or other a lot of enemies. Actually, they actually believe that they're doing good for the world exactly like that house is like as much as he did like horrible things that destroy half the world right population-wise. It was out of in his mind Mercy, right and he actually It's kind of like a knot in an allergy but it's kind of like the whole it's very much. So related to the thought behind like The Conspiracy Theory are on the Illuminati and the new world order but like this world is being to overpopulated. We're all going to suffer at some point cuz you're going to run out of resources. So if you were to reduce the population right side of them in this is not saying that I agree with this or that we should do this, but what they're saying is if you reduce a population, it's actually Mercy on the people like the human race will still survive is at the rate. They were growing everyone's going to die. What are your thoughts on that? I think I think it should happen you think half the world should be and disliked videos even where they want the whole thing. Should I I think so. We have a serious conversation with me. Just naming people that annoy you I don't know. I'm not someone to be like, you know, all these you wish you'd I just think like there are ways that we can go about making sure everybody's okay cuz you guys heard about the whole like Notre Dame the damage to it and people are donating money to get it fixed already. But a lot of a lot of Catholic people feel like why are we donating money to a building when we all that money that we're spending good to use like feeding homeless people helping people have been through natural. That's all I mean like that and how rich the church actually is like they could easily afford to build it back. But if you think about it, it's it's cuz it was covered in the news right like an answer people's feel so distraught by it cuz it's like a monument is a symbol as a symbol but so it's like if they were covering like this huge event that happen. Kids, you know starving recently. It was just a news thing and something that was just on the news mainstream media everywhere like in the same way that that fire was covered. Something kids are always starving. But if there was some big event where all of a sudden tons of kids work being covered in the news for before starting I guarantee you that same thing would happen. It's just a matter of people get take action when they're emotional but not everyone some people actually help because of you know, did they really care about what's happening? But some people are just going to be something motion like, oh my God, this is awful. I need to do something which is a good thing. Like it's a good thing to feel that way. But that brings me to my point like they're only caring about that caused because it's covered in the news so much. I mean, that's why I think. Let me hear I was just talking about the aspect of like we could not have to kill in this cereal bunch of people we could just figure out how to solve that issue in a different way cuz we do have like a lot of resources that could help that out until that Thanos maybe maybe people can like stop eating meat like they stop beating me in like start eating like more greens. I mean that is that that what you're talking about but it's our are you are you going to ask you to stop eating meat there? They should call themselves vegans. Is vegetarian I mean, I mean what he's talking about I think is another solution mobile we're talking about is an alternative like for coming from what you're saying in the Thanos perspective, right? I'm giving an allergy. Why did he if he had it with that Gauntlet thing? I don't know. What does it have you can do anything with it, right? So instead of killing his create a second world population snap and just doubles the food. He doesn't go and the land. Yeah, we need right back like that man. Why why it's so he is evil then that's that defeats my first point like, he's Beauty. He's not doing it for Parc at man should go in his butt hole and explode him ninis Danish Theory it mean in his story line, like he's doing that for years like going to galaxies and just like wiping out half of it all ready to help him. It's a tea, but it's not really helped. Like if you have that kind of power, you don't need to kill half the world, right? You could just if you can have it if you like a guy like you said more resource, or maybe when he snaps he's sending them to another world that world has enough resources for everybody man. Maybe we missed Church standings. I mean, yeah, I would see it actually that one if it's the last one. I'll see it. Yeah, but it's 3 hours long, Titanic at some nipples. And that was I remember that I was a little kid avengers tons nipples in Avengers girl nipples though Game of Thrones. You don't watch that. I have seen I watched a little bit of Game of Thrones. That's pretty much anything that's mainstream and people like you don't really do not necessarily is I like video games a lot but have time for that stuff. I want games. I watch Game of Thrones sound so bad. But this girl, I know you're already laughing look at that butt. And then when we kind of like stop talking, I'm somebody who associate stuff that I do with people with them, you know, so I can't watch Game of Thrones without thinking about her. I know we're cool now and everything. And I was like why can't watch this anymore cuz and I just feel sad so emotional. Yeah poor guy. What you want to watch Game of Thrones to me, you can break my heart. Probably didn't know I got asked to watch The Game of Thrones season premiere one and and then I and then I got a nest. What do you mean invited to go watch it? And then we went me and my friend we went to Trader Joe's and by hella snacks cookies in freaking some water and some like ice cream to bring to the party. Yeah, and then and then it just didn't work out and they told you not to come she was just like is it this is my friend. He's cool and I will I don't really like that homegirl. That was like, I don't really want like a random guy to come to my house. So she was just inviting you damn. He was about that is only Game of Thrones Love Story. Okay? No, I didn't the friend just didn't want me to come over cuz we never I never meant to hurt. Hydrazine, I'm tired just like a random guy. But did you have any Game of Thrones love stories in China One or seen Game of Thrones? What does that mean? All that I have is love with your sibling. Yeah. No, I mean the thing about Game of Thrones has made me wonder to Vizio back in the day was in the whole idea of like being Royal and Neil keeping it within the bloodline aren't they all product of incest in some way religion, but never right? Cuz then it starts up at the top of the tree does Adam and Eve and there are they related and now they're not related would still like, you know, what do they make their babies make babies? Cuz I know they are siblings, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well now we know that's a joke. Sorry Christians out there. Probably not yet holding ourselves a hole right now. And then that's kind of funny though that we can even like not that I said the Joker we can even like talk about it. Cuz if this was another religion say something in the news, we were saying something about that. We've been way more hot water look like when they do, so they can make fun of white people true true. How do I person can't make fun of gas and are you going to an Asian? Really? Yeah, that makes me think we're do we fall on The Chew? We're kind of like below white above or below black black of an Asian for being I think I think it's kind of like similar levels. Yeah, it's pretty cool. This is my opinion Asians on really get Cassidy. How much to be we roll some true true. I don't know where they stand on the on the food chart but are definitely on the lower and I would think yeah, but I mean like like I said in previous but you like Steve Harvey making fun of Asians and cost him his career. But if you seem like an Asian guy, you know fun of black people for being black and singing by dateable, then that guy's career is probably done. But what did you think an Asian guy saying that I don't ask you see more Asian people do the self-deprecating thing where they make fun of how I like Asian guys, but I'm saying I know they're still punching up though, but they don't make fun of a black person being black black people have kind of Taken like that. We get to make the race jokes everything cuz they've been so proficient in it. They're very good at it. They're very good at their jokes. That is true. Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out the totem pole. This is very observant and they know how to make it feel right. But then where's that leave everybody else struggling? We got to talk about politics and stuff. Okay well to like pcness of the week. Give me a call back that way we didn't do that in a while that we have it. Yeah, we're back. So anyways in China any any good love stories, you had some people out there. It was definitely some fun interesting experiences and to kiss any of them people. Just listening. There's a smiling the whole time. Did you get there is way hotter and sexier than me and stuff and he's like, he always does cool stuff with a very pretty girls somehow that hey Derek. So what happened, you know, we've hung out and kick it out like just hung out and kick it to get him to say. I was kind of creepy. Yeah, I wouldn't want to tell you anything either if you're asking me like that ignoring you. What is the best for you was the most fun thing you did in China though? Probably just meet people just meet different people around the world experience different situations and stuff out there compared to hear performing again was was amazing that felt really good. But you guys went to China together before and that sounds like a completely different situation that was hung out. We went to Beijing possibly meant and it was I'm not going to lie. It was not a fun experience with one of my least favorite trips and it was not no, it's not. Because of Derek. It was their Chinese the trip was rough one every place. We went because you couldn't speak Chinese wouldn't have somebody like normally when we go out for events people accompanying us that they've set us up with like a local or somebody who had no one there on our own for one. Just getting a taxi to go some That we needed to be was a struggle because if we don't have somebody telling us they're constantly we didn't know this at the time but they can see how to rip you off. Like it's not like hey, this is the set rate they try and negotiate with you and what they only cost us. Like I don't know what the currency with music 40 bucks to get there. Why are you saying it's going to and we're in the middle of nowhere, right? Cuz we don't know where we are. Why are you going to charge us a hundred bucks to go back? We always going to cost that much more and then we found out like all you have to negotiate or you can negotiate and I think they knew that we couldn't speak Chinese or like yeah, he attached to her we're talking to cuz there's a line of them just kept telling you to skip us, so we're like stranded there with this one guy and no we couldn't go to any other Taxi Driver. So we ended up having to walk how far to get a new taxi and even that text you tell me the name and you wouldn't know like where that was at. We didn't know if you're being scammed again. So we end up getting dropped off in the middle of this like downtown area. Had to just walk and look for it. Like on Google Map. We are phones don't really work. Right can't call anyone. Yeah, we we saw like a map on the street. No Wi-fi. Yeah, and we just kind of like this looks like something familiar. Yeah. I like that Friends episode. You put the map down you stand and look around. Yes. I didn't have a good experience, but apparently mccollins like the opposite of that. Oh, yeah where I was at it was definitely at the Las Vegas Strip or was Las Vegas strip. Some of they had some of the same hotels from here on out there. And you said it's like there cuz what up, what I've heard is at that place is like stacked with cash like hella money. They told me that my cow is Richard in Dubai and they told me that the ratio from Las Vegas to Macau is 1 to 7. So anytime an American spend a hundred bucks out here someone in McCalla spending 700 equivalent to that. Damn. Yeah. They bet on fights and stuff like that even watch that stuff. I didn't see too much sports betting. I saw just a lot of table games La Table games and just crazy Rich Asians like a whole nother level of wealth in China it is. Yeah. We need to learn which one is it Mandarin or mandarins man. I know I am being careful cuz I know the people get really offended. I like I'm going to Hong Kong. Okay, I'm just saying that when I went out there I'm in love with this. I'm in love with a couple people that they're meant this like super rich poker player dollar does just play poker in that's like his life out there. We in the game like a table and a couple bottles and stuff and just partying all night. I met this other guy who is super rich and I he picked me up in his Porsche and he took me to some really dope local spots where I ate some really good food took me a really dope dessert spot some like tursi kind of local traction spots and then the end the night when he was dropped me off. We parked in the parking lot and I smashed his Porsche door into another car door and I felt so bad. He looked at me and I don't even know why I reacted this way. But once I open the door when you looked at me, and I I mean we close my door like I didn't even do it. I don't know why I did it that way. But yeah, I don't know why but I What do you say he just kind of like chuckled and I'll just like I'm sorry. Do you like it was it was a complete accident? Like if you want me to fix your chipper your pain, I'll go get a Sharpie from the concierge something typical you answer. I'll get a Sharpie and Claritin or something. Damn. Not even mine. I mean, he's one of those crazy Rich dang the level of that level of money. It's just like a such a bad is rich people then there is that you know, that's what that movie is about. It's like a whole another level of richness is like a bunch of like Bill Gates out there like rich and in your wealth. Yeah like a cool day like, you know, like kicking with the local and stuff and show me around town just getting out of the hotel or off the stage and then I have freaking thing to store. It was a bad feeling. I mean, I know most people like they think that's a dream right to have that level of welfare, but Like I would never I don't think I would ever want to live a life where I'm that rich like in the billions. I really don't think that would be you're not you're not the same person in the same way. Like I would never want to be like Justin Bieber famous. Yeah, or like at that level is at that point. You can't live a regular let some people might enjoy it to be with you fine with it. But there's a reason why a lot of those people who have everything still kill themselves. They're still like depressed because you can't let it's a whole another way of living you got to change your whole mind said everything and you're almost it's almost like you're confined to certain areas in a way because you don't use your freedom as your two famous write a dentist mean that rich to everybody you meet is going to treat you differently from when you can't trust almost anyone that's true not even family at that point right in time. Is it in Rome for the most part usually it is that way unless you're just born into it and everyone around you is Rich. I think a lot of times it's you can't trust anyone is there such a big at such a powerful thing, and I don't think I would ever want to Live that life had a I like a week. I think I saw I could be wrong but somebody who recently liked won the lotto like how to mask on right? Nobody would like their family wouldn't know that they're rich, you know, cuz like what, you know, it's hard to turn down family and it will change everything it would change everything. If you're the nicest family members. They know they know like, oh, you didn't even we got dinner and you not going to pick up the bill. I guess just a hundred two hundred bucks. Like what is that to you? I get it just because it changes the dynamic between people and I know that mean like under the millionaires billionaires in I feel different around like I know they filled it out and I'm already thinking like, how do I act this is like a different level and it's hard to even treat them like a human being sometimes even though you know, I know I should I know what they're thinking like they have like a trust issue thing, and I don't know like Bands, like think like we're rich but we're not especially Ryan Ryan Ryan is hella broke cuz he's wearing Arden shirt right now. That's not even your shirt Duque. This is from Adidas. She wears my stuff. You know that she I think this is my shirt. I've never seen you wear that shirt ever. I feel like I know Adidas sends her stuff, but they send me stuff as well. And I'm pretty sure this is my size shirt nice and thanks Derek's going on with you and your little hair on your face. Thanks, dude. I've been I've been trying to well, I'm not trying and I haven't been I just thought about growing it out. Okay, and then I'd also thought about shaving it because talk to me front of me before you came. Really. What do you say? I like he was with his friend and they came over earlier before you got here and use a cold. Can you take a picture of my friends like? Oh, yeah, I guess I couldn't not going to shave or like it was before that. You said you're going to really grow it out. Like why who you trying to appeal to like, what time are you going to be able to cuz you can't even with all those patches in the morning when I see Pablo because so whenever I ask him to be in my videos and if I don't let him know in advance and I asked him and he didn't shave he's like, you should let me know before so I could have shaped me every time I asked if I should have saved so when he didn't she normally do that's why I was like, oh you're not going to say dude. Just making fun of me. How is that legit was like, I think I'd maybe I should shave his right eye first and then and then he was like, oh, yeah, but you have is like you're going to talk about it. Like I can't grow a full beard. Yeah, but maybe if I grow it long enough it all that cover up the spaces. Yeah, but he just really didn't want me to do it. There's and things like you're going to like that and I was like, you're right, but that's our friendship is always like I mean the patches look cool, bro. Thanks dude over here. Why isn't mad dude? I thought that you know, if you shave it more I think it is a myth when people is in the shape. It's what I grow back thicker doesn't work. I shave this. I like girl and I'm hoping I'm going to fill these patches one day and just doesn't work dude on the hall Sean did it. And dragging on Greg and will have all his head. That's true actually grow a beard, huh? It doesn't look good. You guys can't grow hair and I think that's like almost a blessing you don't have to shave as much or I will come out real quick and then she'll there for like a little bit. Like I would like to come out like the next day and it just stay that length for like five days in every spot. So it looks stupid but you know, like when you're growing out your hair is that phase where you look like an idiot and you will look like an idiot, but if you commit to something You might still look like an idiot, but at least a chance you might not have his people will respect you a little bit but it's like how you sound like a movie ya like an actor who has like nice. Like I don't know it just you know, it wouldn't be like a Steve Carell situation. I got three hairs. Like I look like a cheek like a cat's cheek, you know like to do the whiskers that Whispers coming out. That's all I got nothing else there. You know, it's like a long desert real flat a little bit concave cuz I have no muscles and then like three pine trees and sticking out of the ground is what people tell you that meet girls on. I'm just wondering no actually had a girl to tell me the other day. She said why you don't have any hair on your back or your chest lucky and I'll just like, oh, what am I supposed to? She like woah, my last boyfriend was rushing so I don't know they're a little bit. I don't know what that mean. They're like a human loofah Asian. So damn dude we trying to do, you know, that's the one kind of people you don't want to upset. The Russians are dope them are freaking tough there a different breed out there, dude. No, but Derek I got to ask you this then if you want to know how to say kiss in Russian or no, I'm sorry Ukrainian you say the song So What does om for the one watch I do have is suspended in church. Anyways, I just want to know if I'm sorry. What were you saying? What's up? Why was a girl saying you're shirtless back and chest? So it's just like new song with that General getting a massage. Did you have to pay her for this passage? No ear wax wiggle Japan though. They like people said like I had a really nice low voice you do cuz I would do like to be getting like Japanese to them. But which means cool. Thank you doesn't mean you need to do in Japan. I did chicken out man I was going to do do do do do massages are going to go so poor and explain its even legal. Like what is that? What is that illegal? You can explain I think it's okay to talk about it cuz you didn't do it. Yeah, essentially it's like a it's a massage parlor, but they told me they only tell you themselves up I think and then they just rub their bodies on you is like an erotic massage. So they're massaging you with their whole body. Yeah. That sounds like porn that's not really I'm a Salt Lake do they actually massage you I don't know. I was hoping for a massage board. That's my favorite thing. That's cool. But then I didn't do that. Yeah. Yeah, why was because I was dreaming What's TOS terms of service to an accident? But as soon as I say touch genitals and things and in your pain before that that's like supposed to be not allowed. That is silly to me. Like it's your already running a naked person's body on you and your naked I'm assuming I don't I don't know. I didn't really that's so interesting about the legalization of prostitution but that is prostitution like sex was a lot of people recently coming out. Like I saw on like even like Joe Rogan podcast, you're like this is been around for ages since like early times prostitution and Did they should be legalized and taxed? Yeah, but people think it is actually in different parts of Las Vegas. There are really running brothels. Yeah, I thought that was illegal. In Vegas. Like people think it's are you going to Clark County is not legal but there are other counties that are right why I know this it's not because I've been to one. It's just doing research. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What was it? Like I said You learn a lot of like sexual related stuff because of Paco and he always has research quote on quote like The Hobbit the fat and the weirdest. I was like, hey there what time actually guys the age of consent is actually 16. I like why do you like white as a 27 year old or 28 year old man? Why do you need to know that like, it's just like So up for me, like I was a virgin until age of 26. Okay? Yeah just made it will put that out there and you're 28 and I'm 28 now, it's cool. And so it like a lot of time can people make stupid jokes, you know sure and they're like Paco is like, you know, he's so desperate ever like he like probably knows and like they said like he knows that the legal age of consent is 16 in Las Vegas now is like what it was 18, you know throughout the entire country, but apparently it isn't like different states have different age of consent supposed to be like in Japan like a prefecture has like the legal age of consent is 13. What ya damn 13 where I don't know exactly where it's all word-of-mouth. Of course. I could be wrong. So simple Google search Like if they're under the legal age of consent, but you're within five years of their age in certain States. Like that's okay, you know, cuz if you're 18 and your boyfriend a girlfriend is 17 and you guys make love or whatever and it back to person like it would be weird if that person went to jail for that. It's 13 in Japan 14 in China. The age of consent is 12 in the Philippines. Oh my gosh. Wow, that's crazy. Yeah. You could drink at like any age out there. I heard something about that though. Like what's it like France or something where they don't have a drinking age was like really young and because that's allowed there. There's like significantly like less alcoholism. And do you I really like alcohol-related incidents don't know if that's true or maybe his last reported cuz there's less underage drinking. Maybe they get it out of their system earlier through you know, you don't have to deal with it later. We're here in America, you know, you can't drink to rue21. So people want to drink once they hit 21 and they wanted so why is you stuff? I really went crazy when we be like clubbing and stuff like that, but I've been to clubs or events and stuff but at 21, I had like a 6 months free of just like doing little to no work and just like going straight clubbing and stuff and and I've always learned how much I hated it like And now and now I got out of my system. I don't have any craving ever to go again. We should go again, okay. What is so funny? I love going out to you. I like going out. I don't like clubs that you're a weirdo that you'll be at a party. Just a Wallflower. How you doing? Just researching man. Did that is me at parties. I just like I people watch a lot. Really? It's situational for me. It's very situational for me. I feel like normally like to be the center of attention if I know everyone there and I or most people there then I'll be really goofy. But if I don't really know anyone I know like one two, three people I kind of just observe their David had a crack and party. Hella people there tons of games good for liver Choi. Ye right guys are sleeping on the couch in his date is just sitting there you brought a date to a party a birthday party and you slept and she said she's just sitting next to you while you slept at a party in ASL cracking up so tight and then she was there and I was just like watching KingBach play Mario Kart and yelling at people while playing Mario Kart, and I thought I was so funny and I fell asleep. Okay, that doesn't Okay, so funny. I fell asleep. That wasn't that funny funny thinking back yellow people commercial Mountain Dew commercial like so much. It's crazy. The one where he blows out his character and they play basketball is doing really well. Yeah, he was content play we see him in the next couple weeks and then coming soon once I don't because it's a private event, but it's exclusive it's and it's a private event that I'm announcing something that will be available next podcast. I'll talk about it. Let's just say let's just say I won't be needing this cup very much long enough. It could change the game could never know and also not get a chance to dance. Anyway, we at War at the same across the bridge when we cross it across the bridge when we will cross that road when you get there, I don't you know, what just across those an hour? Okay. I feel like I didn't really let dare talk that much, but that is for people who don't know that is just Derek is this podcast is not your six podcast. Oh my God, we know when a Marvel movie is coming out cuz that's when he talks the most it is true that you guys see that movie yet or the trailer buddy about an interview like the shoe day. I want to go to jail just came out 2 hours with a trailer yet. Like what time you trailer? He's like looking at like Reddit Big Band Theory that everything ready asked me for sure. That's me for sure. All right. Well, I guess that's it. Thank you dear for being here today. Alito and I and their leaky leaky hose. I guess that's it for today, huh? Yeah, it's been a pleasure man. Thank you for inviting me and well, you're always around. So whenever you want to feel like talking I guess we'll wait till the next movie Avengers when it's over after we see it. We can talk talk some holes in the plot. That's what I like to do an asshole. It does bother me though little things like, you know, what they say. Like, you have to have the glove The Gauntlet closed right? I want to get back into this but it's real quick The Gauntlet Thanos Gauntlet. He has to have his fists closed right to to use it. But how can you snap and get rid of half the people with his fist? You can't snap with a closed fist like you can't Snap with a closed fist. Can you this is not closed fist? Well after you snapped who is closed, but you can't do it. You don't have the power until that's not a closed fist. That isn't what is the most wicked fish? That is the guy in scary movie. That was my germs. And this thank you guys so much you're turning into off the pill podcast will talk to you in that God. Don't forget. You don't follow us. Don't forget you guys can follow us app off the bill on Twitter at off the pill podcast on Instagram. Also, don't forget that we talked about a lot of the podcast stuff on do you write a page of reddit.com Nigahiga and anything else you want to plug? No, that's about soy I guess we'll end it now in 3 2 1. Derek Lowe and Mike didn't do it. Oh my gosh. Yeah, so I was wind. I'm going to kill him Let's cross that bridge when we cross the bridge. What is the real saying though? Don't know I don't care. I'll let's cut this out. But I really want to look it up actually. What do I cross the bridge saying? We'll cross that bridge when one comes to it. That sounds so lame.Yeah, all like being interrogated. Yeah. Yeah, we're in the interrogation of the hot seat today nice having you talk more. Yeah, people don't know this. So Derek. I mean you've seen him in the videos and stuff. He just got back from China. He has been gone. You haven't been in here for a long time. It's been like a month and a half or so. Yeah, but Derek was in China dancing for the Jabbawockeez. Yeah. It was fun. I basically took a small leave from rhpc and I started doing rehearsals in a Las Vegas and I weird preparing for our show, which was like pretty much like 6 weeks over at MGM cotai which is in China as a part of a cult. I like the city Macau is like the Yeah Yeah Yeahs.Panama City, that's where you would say to the taxi drivers cuz there's two strips right out there. So like Vegas trips. Yeah, there's like in downtown Las Vegas. Yeah. So when you tell someone especially if you didn't even speak the same language is that we would tell Mike and Jim ketai cuz there's to MGM properties and they would try to take us to the other one, but we would tell him quote. I thought you were living out there for about a little over a month, right? Yeah. Pretty much like 6 weeks. We did the shows are the first team to ever have residency out there. They never had like a a team or an act that stayed on the show stayed on the stage for that amount of time. Everyone's always done like one-off performances or like, you know, quick show here and there and then they leave but they never had one group to stay so weird hours and just to get background for people that might not know Derek is a before he started working with us editing and stuff. He was actually a break dancer and you're in the Jabbawockeez show here and it is a whole world class.World class breakdancer phone internationally to perform they laid real competition top-ranked b-boy. Yep, but he don't talk about it cuz he's trying to be all modest and stuff. And also, he's one of the quietest people in the group only modest but he's actually a very physically talented and can pretty much pick up anything physical that he tries. Yeah, you guys are freaking kind a kind shut up people know we did the show 7 shows a week. We had double show. So we did two shows a day. Sometimes the crowd was like sixteen hundred people. The first show was probably like the most nerve-wracking for me because they want to make sure the show ran smooth and I was the audience there. Like, how did it differ from like out here? They're so different also and out here in America, like people will cheer the clap.I'll give you a standing ovation the laugh out there. It's like it's just crickets and stuff too. But you like almost have to tell him to interrupt the performers. You know, you think so even even when I saw like a movie out there. It was so crazy just because their culture is so different. So I movie theater. Yeah, I went to a movie theater and basically I sat dead center of the theater and I had a couple on my right hand side and they have their cell phones out with their screen all the way up just like the brightness. Yeah, just during the whole movie then the couple on my left was just have a normal conversation not even about the movie just talking. That's a no. Yeah, and I was like, that's just like the culture out there in like I know eventually getting out of my seeing picking a new one thing. He was to be better, but it was like the same thing happening when I saw you think that's just a cultural thing in China.Which is a little different it's just a little different. I mean like even like personal bubble space was different all I know that I do they get in your face real close or not on purpose. I mean, yeah, but yeah, like if there's room in an elevator like you can easily go to the corner but they'll just be like in your face. So The Stereotype, I mean, I don't know if I should say this or not go for it when people videos. I'm sure not adults. I'm not saying every single person but yeah Sarah type, is it a Chinese tourist from China or tend to be known as like kind of well in our culture rude, but all that are actually it's not even considered part of the culture like talking during the movie having your screen brightness up like it's like that goes opposite of what you're saying. It's not like they're trying to be respectful and not clap for you guys cuz they don't care about interrupting Michelle completely. They had some you know, we had some good nights were like, you know tons of people clap and laugh but we also had some bad nights 2 or it was just a quiet in I think he'd sometimes you got to go.You got experience the bad to appreciate the good right? But it's just different like it when people with foreigners come out here and they do things that are culturally different for us. We think that they're rude or yeah, you know, but they probably think the same thing about us when we go over there. That's true. I mean like when we went to Japan, I felt like I became a more polite person, but I know for a fact that I was offending probably a lot of people cuz I don't know we don't act the way they act extremely polite everything they do is super polite and like down to like I got yelled at when I first went out there for like a business trip because I didn't accept somebody's business card with two hands. If you kiss on hand you a business card with two hands and you don't get used to have to grab it from them. That's really disrespectful in Japan. I don't know if that's where else but I got yelled at dad about you when you receive it kind of ball like when you say hello and stuff. But yeah, I like those little things and even like just like slurping when you're eating Ramen is considered polite.Yeah, but it's a compliment to the chef. So like it's not like I can see both sides like for certain things that we considered to be rude. I guess they probably see Americans go to Japan. I was just there. Yeah, I just kidding, but you are out there especially for an American. I'm definitely out there but I have a I'm self-aware myself a lot more now than I have been before right now. I'm going to bed a little bit if I'm being rude like you guys or whatever it's a joke, right? It's acceptable.Is it is it is it is it is what most people I think we see it from a third-person perspective when you're like a restaurant or something and you do something you think is funny I ordered for example what I don't know what just like yelling and joking with the waiter that who might not be having a good day. And you're just assuming that you're making their day by making him to be a waiter. That's why and so I can you go through repetition all the time and that I have someone like that cuz usually when I joke with him, it's like a compliment type of thing to let me ask you this writing when you introduce people to Paco. Do you have like a disclaimer that you sell to a certain degree? Yeah, he's different a lot of people I met Paco all and then wait they see their reaction to how they felt about you because I don't do they always funny and it's okay. Yeah.but he does dumb things but if it's like, yeah, I'm at Paco and they don't and they stop there and it's like yeah, I'm sorry, man. Just like the three. Something. I don't know. Unpredictable, I do a lot of dumb things. But usually the situation is right eye say whether it was better. When we first met you you are very wild know. I was I was actually very conservative with you guys at the very beginning. He was it was like that brief like when you're shy funny funny story about entering the menu and entered the group Derek we found out like we this past year when Paco first came here three years ago. We didn't know this but Derek didn't like him for a year. I didn't know that it's like two years and Eric so quiet and polite. He won't say anything even when he didn't like me came up with me wild card by then what to do while car again? I mean, I guess what did you like? What do you like about him so much that I don't even know man. It's just it's kind of a difficult question. I'm awesome or you think you hate me but I'm just all he said nobody said they hated you. I just didn't know who you were. I didn't know like what your intentions were with the group. I guess. I was kind of being like the protective guy of the of the group, you know, like, the guard dog, you know, I mean wasting time to people come in the group and leave the group for different reasons. Maybe they've asked her stuff and maybe they wanted something like personally but with pocket I just I had no idea with him no idea what his intentions were right, but I mean like over time became a cool guy, but you know, I did I did have to make a disclaimer for them to Who did you do? Who did you talk to everyone? I mean, he's different. Mine's more like crazy Paco. He's a cool guy, but he does some shocking stuff. So I'm sorry. It's not a big deal cuz they know I like most of time you're doing as a joke for whatever reason even if it's not necessarily, you know their style of Comedy. You'll still do it. Yeah, but people sometimes that You might make us laugh, but they might be like, well, that's rude. Yeah, I don't know. You're joking. Yeah, that's fine. But you're not not to hate on you or anything. Like I say is for your sake. Yeah. Yeah. I know you looking out for me. He's just joking out of you to Inna. Okay. I'm the one that does like all this crazy stuff maybe in public what it could be a lovely Mart dangerous, but all of us do something crazy to an extent. I mean with an R Group within our gross friend groups do that a lot of things and do things in front of each other. They would never do with you know out in public. I'm not the only one who gets naked in the group. You're not say who it is, but you definitely get naked for no reason the most for sure I would say we don't ask you to but it makes you guys laugh. It's more like a shocking kind of thing. Obit down I notice will make people laugh, you know him a little bit of its not what I asked a little bit of energy. I mean, maybe it helps some of the guys you laugh do though. Sometimes I like most of time I see him do this left, but he laughs after he likes his forehead a little bit. When is it going to be over dark? No, see why a guy who's like always like not going to say what he's thinking. It's a Sara Lee going to be polite and respectful relationship use it works if you have two of you in a group and it becomes competitive. Kangaroos have like one guy like that is like you have two people are like that that that would like a good understanding of each other in a relationship where that it is too much of a competition, you know when to stop cuz there are there are very few people who can do that. That is true. Yeah, you know what the on basement entertainment your the character people like though cuz you're like the not at first you're like the Naruto basically sorry not at all like the crazy guy who's like the does things that people make shake their head at that's a funny the people you're like the Ralph from Simpsons. Are you go? I don't know what that is, but it's the guy that picks his nose. Okay. Alright give this way before Derek. Derek is a troll. He is a troll. It's not really a dick like Derek time. He'll pretend to be more confused and confusing than he really is I think and it's not for I do things usually to make you guys laugh Derek does things to make himself laugh your own entertainment. Sometimes you just like dude. This is going to make me laugh for sure. I mean, you know, I don't even do it on purpose. I just naturally do it. You know what? I mean? I think it's your upbringing right? You said your dad does that to you? Yeah, my dad. My dad likes to joke a lot to maybe that's where I get it from but I don't know. I mean I just I just talked man. I just do me dude. Just like right nothing. Crazy Mary. That is true Derek. Just does Derek regardless of who's around so. And how about you Ryan? What what do you have any disclaimer? You have a disclaimer for Ryan? I have a disclaimer for Ryan and it is basically adding onto a David and Arden said don't ever be more like dope my thing. I always say is if you get them out of that house, that's amazing. That's that shitt talking about I'm doing my hardest to help so that when they meet you there not like oh I should be offended. Yeah, this guy does not like people he stays home and he does not want to meet you know, there's something crazy outlandish about Ryan at Ryan's never said I look forward to other people but there's a lot of times where I mean, it's just happened so often them just like what did I say that I do that? I don't just like you wouldn't go with you. That's very true. I'm being honest man. It's not being honest with yourself. Damn, this became a therapy session. Hey, you know, I do. Episode. I mean as a therapy session, but it's fun. Are peas good we could all have therapy. There's no Stigma around that. Is there a Panera pcness of the week Bad? Come on thing actually like therapies. Actually I think is really helpful cuz I had a heart-to-heart talk with you yesterday and I got to actually like really good to just tear out everything we did that in private. But now you can tell the podcast in the world. What time is it off camera? Like I may I may look like pretty sad and stuff on camera, but off-camera. I really got to talk to Ryan about some personal stuff that's happening in my life and Yeah, it was it was really good to air it out and you gave me some like helpful information and Direction and just advise that I feel as like I need to hear so well, that's good. I don't want to pry if it's too private, you know, but I guess for viewers that maybe could be going through something similar to you. You know, maybe you can give him like some general advice that would you guys spoke about you know, if you don't feel comfortable talking to bring up to the point that you want to talk about it. I mean to summon up I'm basically going through a breakup and you know, it's it's real tough, you know coming out from a long relationship and I just you know, I felt lost I felt confused felt like in that acquitting this guy over here just like really like instilled some some good words back into me and I think of anyone is having like some similar trouble like that. It's probably best that turns your friends and talk to each other rather than just holding it in because those thoughts can go deeper and deeper and deeper and that stuff can man Listen to something like real negative. Well, I think the reason why I even said anything is because I mean we could I mean I could see it that there was like something bothering you and then I'm like you and that I like to hold in my own feel. Like I'm like, I'm not going to bother someone else gas and that's not going to help me. You don't even though it does it does help even if you're like me or Derrick where you just don't like to talk about your feelings and I don't know that I'll bring anything or just personality thing but it's literally the opposite of him like Paco it could you have issues you literally? Hey, can we talk like I would never say that there would never say that, you know, unless I unless I go to him or vice versa and I feel that I feel that like a like, of course, I'm going through some stuff in like in my head. What's the point of calling someone else to everyone's got their own problems, you know, like, why would I want to bring my problems on to someone else or what? It was actually really helpful to just kind of like talking through right? So I would recommend that I think from my perspective. Different like you had said the reason why I bring up my problems because I know other people have different perspectives and that they have of you that you know, maybe could show me. Oh, I didn't consider this, you know, maybe in it. Sometimes we get too caught up in our own thoughts and we overthink situations and we start going down a tangent. That's like not even logical or possible but it's because we're so consumed in this that having someone else from an outside view speak into our lives in space nobody who cares about us and we'll be real with us and not sugarcoat it like. That's always help when that's what I think and that's why I like I appreciate you guys. I think the number one thing that we came to as a conclusion yesterday and I don't I don't I mean without having to say too much you can talk later if you want, but I think the number one thing that I think I learned that yesterday would I was telling you I think I told you to in the in the past but it was that it's okay to feel shity like you should feel shity cuz we were talking over like a couple of drinks and I was just worried like I've seen people when they go to that kind of stuff they be you know, where is a smoke or they drink or they do whatever they can to can't escape it but it's not you're not really escaping anything like you're just putting it off and it's going to let it build it like it's just getting worse and worse and worse and the worse it gets the more you drink or smoke to cover it up and it just keeps building. It's not going anywhere. You might feel fine cuz you're high or drunk but it's it's just building. So at some point you got to face it and you're it if you let it build more it's going to be worse later down the road. That's the way I see it at least and I think it's okay to just like that. You should be feeling like shit, like, don't try and like avoiding. Could you got a face at some point? You're in China was actually like something that I the whole China trip felt like fate to me with the conversations I have with people and the things that I learned in one of the things I learned over there was at like, you know, I was taught like a A10 A10 Ruhl & Ruhl a week kind of thing, which is if you have like a lot of stress in your life you have like a lot depression or issues. Are you going through like, you know try to maximize at the 10 and what do you think is really worth the effort to stress over? So for example of your stress about money your stress about like, you know, your situation your living situation that's already two things, you know when you only have eight left and if you give that a week, when are you can pile on a lot of things and in a list of 10, you know, so what really deserves our time or really deserves like your energy to really feel negative about something. So you're saying like the you only have the capacity to care about 10 things. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, and those 10 things should be very valuable. I could really be something that makes Outlet. Robin like you know, there's tons of little things that people are always stress about you know, Finance. I don't know what social media right shoes. I don't know you don't like everyone's got their own problems, but is it really worth like to make water sounds like a therapist out there and she told me like, you know, that's how she comes with stuff. She also told me like, you know, she has like this five-year-old or some like that where is something is not going to affect you in 5 years and you shouldn't put that much effort into it. I was like, I never I never really thought of it like that. So it was It was kind of cool to hear your different perspectives, like how you said, you know, yeah. Yeah and then for the disclaimer and everything like just because you're going through a breakup and everything doesn't mean you have any ill-will towards Erica Wright wish anything bad. Hair weave hat what? You know, we've had a good relationship and I don't want nobody to tweet native things to her right back, You know, we had a clean break up It's just tough. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and if you like respect like Derek and and Erica or even just Derek whatever Ryan guys like you would not go after, you know, some like that especially if you still like care about them as a friendship. Yeah for sure. We're definitely friends. I mean, we still talk sometimes we have lunch and you know, it's just it's just a different page now, which is okay. Yeah. I went we went deep therapy session. I did I was early into the podcast. How was it for you when you made that video, you know, you made a video on your YouTube channel about a break-up did that help it it helps me a lot and I'm very lucky that you know, I didn't they come out with my relationship and see like who it was and stuff and show but it was very therapeutic to me because like you guys said I'm I'm somebody who like really I'm very I wear my heart on my sleeve. I'm very emotional. I'm not soft though, but like a pretty soft and then you're definitely more emotional than both of us. I think election Charmin toilet paper. He puts toilet paper emojis. Be transparent with William and say like this is the mistakes. I made this is how I was viewing life and her and clearly I was I had a lot of clouded judgement I was infatuated and it was kind of just like cuz it's something that everybody goes through everybody goes to that like that first relationship or or you know, one of the first ones and it just does not go well and everyone has to go through that but a lot of times people will be like all this first relationship with movie everything that over romanticize it is all my fault and for me, I felt that way too but I also learned things from it and I was like, this is like not just the advice that I have to give but it's kind of advice that you all like poured into me and like spoken to me, you know, so in a way I was just like regurgitating a lot of things that you guys have told me. She basically stole my video then and like our videos then yeah, and I made money off of it stay at nice nice, dude. I know I did well as a group with no cuts no edits, cuz I wanted to be very like transparent show. Like I didn't write down any of this, you know right now get moving on to a non a less serious Topic in something since Derek's here. Yeah. I know. He's really into Avengers comes out soon and game nap Derek is one of those hardcore marvelous. Do you call yourselves marblers? Yeah marvelous, people watches like every single one when it come right in theaters when it comes out and what are you going to eat if you'll go by himself and watch it and you know, I've seen some I mean I would say about 50% tacos in one movie Iron Man Iron Man and it's funny cuz we're all coming out. Andadera, you're just hiked because the last one right? I mean, it's not going to be the last Avengers ever. I thought it is if you know, so basically the director's right you talked about it since you're the fan I mean it was more so the actors, you know, their contracts are coming to an end. They've done the character for like 10 plus years, you know, they're all so, you know, who knows where they're going to take the storyline. I don't I don't know since we haven't seen the movie yet, but who knows like Iron Man could be be finished Captain Captain America to be finished who knows, you know, maybe the originals are done, but I know that Avengers will still live on through like Spider-Man and like the other characters like Bucky or whoever, you know, right black panther basically also the Twitter letter was saying like that their Journey has come to an end and like, you know, every all the hard work that everybody's put in like don't spoil it. Like don't be one of those douchebags to spoil things suck. The Game of Thrones just premiered. Yeah and that's like a meme in itself like it's your and it's like a picture of someone dead or you know something something like that. There's a reason why I didn't watch the what was it? There's a big thing out of the Avengers that the most recent one that came out in theaters, but I knew that I was like, okay, well something happens and there's a meme and people disintegrate or something like that. If you haven't seen it by the time of theaters that is your problem, like for real, like people do that when that was I coming out live and like people get mad cuz I would talk about stuff that came out like maybe about like a month or two. I'm like what if you're not going to like if you're not going to keep up and you don't really care that much and that's why I felt too. I didn't care that I knew that ending but I didn't watch it was on Netflix different storylines and characters into one movie. That was like just blew your mind, you know, like they've been doing this. What for a long time like over a decade, you know just planting seeds and letting you letting it grow watering in and everything and everyone together. So it's a dope Movie Marvel knows what's up. She's so I I've always been like excited that I was excited cuz I thought I was coming to an end because I don't like those movies but because it's like all these talented actors and talented like screenwriters and all these people putting all this every movie that comes out. These days are like A recreation of something I did nothing really original anymore that does box office like records other than stuff that like Jordan Peele is doing with get out at me. There's there's some others too that are doing original stuff but everything else like oh they're making a live-action Disney movie you're doing tomorrow cuz they know what makes money but like I just miss the days when like you missed some everyone there was a unique idea or it's a kind of like this but it's it's not just a re-creation of something that's already been told. So who do you blame me blame the Studio's you blame like audience retention. It's both pretend. It's it's the audience it's our fault for buying into it like a of course this dude is going to make what they want to make right? But it is also I think the Studio's because they decide who they're going to fund their stun guns of talented writers and scripts constantly being, you know, I'm sure pitch to The Studio's ban. Shy with a make those movies and take the risk of putting in all this money for something that they don't know how it's going to do verse. Make something that's already has a proven fan base and for sure milk benefits, you know have to say you're talking about you. I just want I think for the most YouTube like that's what happened to you to you will like a formula like they like knowing what's going to happen when money gets involved yet how it isn't she I was excited but I think it's 6:00. Seriously. Yeah, I got my movie ticket for the premier and then I bought another movie tickets for IMAX. Are you going to the one here? Is there one here? I mean like I just bought a movie ticket to a regular theater. When you see it from here, I was thinking like red carpet and agno3 my bed. Oh, no. I was just cool like that. All right. Well on that note, I didn't know we were already at that point, but we have to take a shisha break. So I'll be right back. We'll be right back. When is snap Thanos out of us can go she she. Just got a Purdy. And we're back that was louder than usual was it and you're still eating this we didn't give you enough time or okay, so do we just wait for you or like are you good now we can start. Okay, I guess and and now we're back. So what else you got on the agenda today? Adair can bring it up and there's a man still on the Avengers theme can't believe he did that to the world. Do you like? Yeah. Okay. So the one thing I did like about Avengers Infinity War. It's very similar and I tweeted something like this is a joke. That is so similar to like a lot of the villains in Naruto Naruto just for the people get mad at me for saying it wrong and see it right. I'll fight you America. Okay, that's how I speak from now ready to get some Erica that Thanos and the villains that they have, you know in like Naruto or other a lot of enemies. Actually, they actually believe that they're doing good for the world exactly like that house is like as much as he did like horrible things that destroy half the world right population-wise. It was out of in his mind Mercy, right and he actually It's kind of like a knot in an allergy, but it's kind of like the whole it's very much. So related to the thought behind like The Conspiracy Theory are on the Illuminati and the new world order, but like this world is being to overpopulated. We're all going to suffer at some point cuz you're going to run out of resources. So if you were to reduce the population right side of them in this is not saying that I agree with this or that we should do this, but what they're saying is if you reduce a population, it's actually Mercy on the people like the human race will still survive is at the rate. They were growing everyone's going to die. What are your thoughts on that? I think I think it should happen you think half the world should be and disliked videos even where they want the whole thing. Should I I think so. We will try to make a serious conversation with me. Just naming people that annoy you I don't know. I'm not someone to be like, you know, all these you wish you'd I just think like there are ways that we can go about making sure everybody's okay cuz you guys heard about the whole like Notre Dame the damage to it and people are donating money to get it fixed already. But a lot of a lot of Catholic people feel like why are we donating money to a building when we all that money that we're spending good to use like feeding homeless people helping people have been through natural. That's all I mean like that and how rich the church actually is like they could easily afford to build it back. But if you think about it, it's it's cuz it was covered in the news right like an answer people's feel so distraught by it cuz it's like a monument is a symbol as a symbol but so it's like if they were covering like this huge event that happen. Kids, you know starving recently. It was just a news thing and something that was just on the news mainstream media everywhere like in the same way that that fire was covered. Something kids are always starving. But if there was some big event where all of a sudden tons of kids work being covered in the news for before starting I guarantee you that same thing would happen. It's just a matter of people get take action when they're emotional but not everyone some people actually help because of you know, did they really care about what's happening? But some people are just going to be something motion like, oh my God, this is awful. I need to do something which is a good thing. Like it's a good thing to feel that way. But that brings me to my point like they're only caring about that caused because it's covered in the news so much. I mean, that's why I think. Let me hear I was just talking about the aspect of like we could not have to kill in this cereal bunch of people we could just figure out how to solve that issue in a different way cuz we do have like a lot of resources that could help that out until that Thanos maybe maybe people can like stop eating meat like they stop beating me in like start eating like more greens. I mean that is that that what you're talking about but it's our are you are you going to ask you to stop eating meat there? They should call themselves vegans. Is vegetarian I mean, I mean what he's talking about I think is another solution mobile we're talking about is an alternative like for coming from what you're saying in the Thanos perspective, right? I'm giving an allergy. Why did he if he had it with that Gauntlet thing? I don't know. What does it have you can do anything with it, right? So instead of killing his create a second world population snap and just doubles the food. He doesn't go and the land. Yeah, we need right back like that man. Why why it's so he is evil then that's that defeats my first point like, he's Beauty. He's not doing it for Parc at man should go in his butt hole and explode him ninis Danish Theory it mean in his story line, like he's doing that for years like going to galaxies and just like wiping out half of it all ready to help him. It's a tea, but it's not really helped. Like if you have that kind of power, you don't need to kill half the world, right? You could just if you can have it if you like a guy like you said more resource, or maybe when he snaps he's sending them to another world that world has enough resources for everybody man. Maybe we missed Church standings. I mean, yeah, I would see it actually that one if it's the last one. I'll see it. Yeah, but it's 3 hours long, Titanic at some nipples. And that was I remember that I was a little kid avengers tons nipples in Avengers girl nipples though Game of Thrones. You don't watch that. I have seen I watched a little bit of Game of Thrones. That's pretty much anything that's mainstream and people like you don't really do not necessarily is I like video games a lot but have time for that stuff. I want games. I watch Game of Thrones sound so bad. But this girl, I know you're already laughing look at that butt. And then when we kind of like stop talking, I'm somebody who associate stuff that I do with people with them, you know, so I can't watch Game of Thrones without thinking about her. I know we're cool now and everything. And I was like why can't watch this anymore cuz and I just feel sad so emotional. Yeah poor guy. What you want to watch Game of Thrones to me, you can break my heart. Probably didn't know I got asked to watch The Game of Thrones season premiere one and and then I and then I got a nest. What do you mean invited to go watch it? And then we went me and my friend we went to Trader Joe's and by hella snacks cookies in freaking some water and some like ice cream to bring to the party. Yeah, and then and then it just didn't work out and they told you not to come she was just like is it does my friend? He's cool and I will I don't really like that homegirl. That was like, I don't really want like a random guy to come to my house. So she was just inviting you damn. He was about that is only Game of Thrones Love Story. Okay? No, I didn't the friend just didn't want me to come over cuz we never I never meant to hurt. Hydrazine, I'm tired just like a random guy. But did you have any Game of Thrones love stories in China One or seen Game of Thrones? What does that mean? All that I have is love with your sibling. Yeah. No, I mean the thing about Game of Thrones has made me wonder to Vizio back in the day was in the whole idea of like being Royal and Neil keeping it within the bloodline aren't they all product of incest in some way religion, but never right? Cuz then it starts up at the top of the tree does Adam and Eve and there are they related and now they're not related would still like, you know, what do they make their babies make babies? Cuz I know they are siblings, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well now we know that's a joke. Sorry Christians out there. Probably not yet holding ourselves a hole right now. And then that's kind of funny though that we can even like not that I said the Joker we can even like talk about it. Cuz if this was another religion say something in the news, we were saying something about that. We've been way more hot water look like when they do, so they can make fun of white people true true. How do I person can't make fun of gas and are you going to an Asian? Really? Yeah, that makes me think we're do we fall on The Chew? We're kind of like below white above or below black black of an Asian for being I think I think it's kind of like similar levels. Yeah, it's pretty cool. This is my opinion Asians on really get Cassidy. How much to be we roll some true true. I don't know where they stand on the on the food chart but are definitely on the lower and I would think yeah, but I mean like like I said in previous but you like Steve Harvey making fun of Asians and cost him his career. But if you seem like an Asian guy, you know fun of black people for being black and singing by dateable, then that guy's career is probably done. But what did you think an Asian guy saying that I don't ask you see more Asian people do the self-deprecating thing where they make fun of how I like Asian guys, but I'm saying I know they're still punching up though, but they don't make fun of a black person being black black people have kind of Taken like that. We get to make the race jokes everything cuz they've been so proficient in it. They're very good at it. They're very good at their jokes. That is true. Yeah. I'm just trying to figure out the totem pole. This is very observant and they know how to make it feel right. But then where's that leave everybody else struggling? We got to talk about politics and stuff. Okay well to like pcness of the week. Give me a call back that way we didn't do that in a while that we have it. Yeah, we're back. So anyways in China any any good love stories, you had some people out there. It was definitely some fun interesting experiences and to kiss any of them people. Just listening. There's a smiling the whole time. Did you get there is way hotter and sexier than me and stuff and he's like, he always does cool stuff with a very pretty girls somehow that hey Derek. So what happened, you know, we've hung out and kick it out like just hung out and kick it to get him to say. I was kind of creepy. Yeah, I wouldn't want to tell you anything either if you're asking me like that ignoring you. What is the best for you was the most fun thing you did in China though? Probably just meet people just meet different people around the world experience different situations and stuff out there compared to hear performing again was was amazing that felt really good. But you guys went to China together before and that sounds like a completely different situation that was hung out. We went to Beijing possibly meant and it was I'm not going to lie. It was not a fun experience with one of my least favorite trips and it was not no, it's not. Because of Derek. It was their Chinese the trip was rough one every place. We went because you couldn't speak Chinese wouldn't have somebody like normally when we go out for events people accompanying us that they've set us up with like a local or somebody who had no one there on our own for one. Just getting a taxi to go some That we needed to be was a struggle because if we don't have somebody telling us they're constantly we didn't know this at the time but they can see how to rip you off. Like it's not like hey, this is the set rate they try and negotiate with you and what they only cost us. Like I don't know what the currency with music 40 bucks to get there. Why are you saying it's going to and we're in the middle of nowhere, right? Cuz we don't know where we are. Why are you going to charge us a hundred bucks to go back? We always going to cost that much more and then we found out like all you have to negotiate or you can negotiate and I think they knew that we couldn't speak Chinese or like yeah, he attached to her we're talking to cuz there's a line of them just kept telling you to skip us, so we're like stranded there with this one guy and no we couldn't go to any other Taxi Driver. So we ended up having to walk how far to get a new taxi and even that text you tell me the name and you wouldn't know like where that was at. We didn't know if you're being scammed again. So we end up getting dropped off in the middle of this like downtown area. Had to just walk and look for it. Like on Google Map. We are phones don't really work. Right can't call anyone. Yeah, we we saw like a map on the street. No Wi-fi. Yeah, and we just kind of like this looks like something familiar. Yeah. I like that Friends episode. You put the map down you stand and look around. Yes. I didn't have a good experience, but apparently mccollins like the opposite of that. Oh, yeah where I was at it was definitely at the Las Vegas Strip or was Las Vegas strip. Some of they had some of the same hotels from here on out there. And you said it's like there cuz what up, what I've heard is at that place is like stacked with cash like hella money. They told me that my cow is Richard in Dubai and they told me that the ratio from Las Vegas to Macau is 1 to 7. So anytime an American spend a hundred bucks out here someone in McCalla spending 700 equivalent to that. Damn. Yeah. They bet on fights and stuff like that even watch that stuff. I didn't see too much sports betting. I saw just a lot of table games La Table games and just crazy Rich Asians like a whole nother level of wealth in China it is. Yeah. We need to learn which one is it Mandarin or mandarins man. I know I am being careful cuz I know the people get really offended. I like I'm going to Hong Kong. Okay, I'm just saying that when I went out there I'm in love with this. I'm in love with a couple people that they're meant this like super rich poker player dollar does just play poker in that's like his life out there. We in the game like a table and a couple bottles and stuff and just partying all night. I met this other guy who is super rich and I he picked me up in his Porsche and he took me to some really dope local spots where I ate some really good food took me a really dope dessert spot some like tursi kind of local traction spots and then the end the night when he was dropped me off. We parked in the parking lot and I smashed his Porsche door into another car door and I felt so bad. He looked at me and I don't even know why I reacted this way. But once I open the door when you looked at me, and I I mean we close my door like I didn't even do it. I don't know why I did it that way, but I don't know why. What do you say he just kind of like chuckled and I'll just like I'm sorry. Do you like it was it was a complete accident? Like if you want me to fix your chipper your pain, I'll go get a Sharpie from the concierge something typical you answer. I'll get a Sharpie and Claritin or something. Damn. Not even mine. I mean, he's one of those crazy Rich dang the level of that level of money. It's just like a such a bad is rich people then there is that you know, that's what that movie is about. It's like a whole another level of richness is like a bunch of like Bill Gates out there like rich and in your wealth. Yeah like a cool day like, you know, like kicking with the local and stuff and show me around town just getting out of the hotel or off the stage and then I have freaking thing to store. It was a bad feeling. I mean, I know most people like they think that's a dream right to have that level of welfare, but Like I would never I don't think I would ever want to live a life where I'm that rich like in the billions. I really don't think that would be you're not you're not the same person in the same way. Like I would never want to be like Justin Bieber famous. Yeah, or like at that level is at that point. You can't live a regular let some people might enjoy it to be with you fine with it. But there's a reason why a lot of those people who have everything still kill themselves. They're still like depressed because you can't let it's a whole another way of living you got to change your whole mind said everything and you're almost it's almost like you're confined to certain areas in a way because you don't use your freedom as your two famous write a dentist mean that rich to everybody you meet is going to treat you differently from when you can't trust almost anyone that's true not even family at that point right in time. Is it in Rome for the most part usually it is that way unless you're just born into it and everyone around you is Rich. I think a lot of times it's you can't trust anyone is there such a big at such a powerful thing, and I don't think I would ever want to Live that life had a I like a week. I think I saw I could be wrong but somebody who recently liked won the lotto like how to mask on right? Nobody would like their family wouldn't know that they're rich, you know, cuz like what, you know, it's hard to turn down family and it will change everything it would change everything. If you're the nicest family members. They know they know like, oh, you didn't even we got dinner and you not going to pick up the bill. I guess just a hundred two hundred bucks. Like what is that to you? I get it just because it changes the dynamic between people and I know that mean like under the millionaires billionaires in I feel different around like I know they filled it out and I'm already thinking like, how do I act this is like a different level and it's hard to even treat them like a human being sometimes even though you know, I know I should I know what they're thinking like they have like a trust issue thing, and I don't know like Bands, like think like we're rich but we're not especially Ryan Ryan Ryan is hella broke cuz he's wearing Arden shirt right now. That's not even your shirt Duque. This is from Adidas. She wears my stuff. You know that I think this is my shirt. I've never seen you wear that shirt ever. I feel like I know Adidas sends her stuff, but they send me stuff as well. And I'm pretty sure this is my size shirt nice and thanks Derek's going on with you and your little hair on your face. Thanks, dude. I've been I've been trying to well, I'm not trying and I haven't been I just thought about growing it out. Okay, and then I'd also thought about shaving it because talk to me front of me before you came really what he said. He made me a little self-conscious. I like he was with his friend and they came over earlier before you got here and use a cold. Can you take a picture of my friends like? Oh, yeah, I guess I couldn't not going to shave or like it was before that. You said you're going to really grow it out. Like why who you trying to appeal to like, what time are you going to be able to cuz you can't even with all those patches in the morning when I see Pablo because so whenever I ask him to be in my videos and if I don't let him know in advance and I asked him and he didn't shave he's like, you should let me know before so I could have shaped me every time I asked if I should have saved so when he didn't she normally do that's why I was like, oh you're not going to say dude. Just making fun of me. How is that legit was like, I think I'd maybe I should shave his right eye first and then and then he was like, oh, yeah, but you have is like you're going to talk about it. Like I can't grow a full beard. Yeah, but maybe if I grow it long enough it all that cover up the spaces. Yeah, but he just really didn't want me to do it. There's and things like you're going to like that and I was like, you're right, but that's our friendship is always like I mean the patches look cool, bro. Thanks dude over here. Why isn't mad dude? I thought that you know, if you shave it more I think it is a myth when people is in the shape. It's what I grow back thicker doesn't work. I shave this. I like girl and I'm hoping I'm going to fill these patches one day and just doesn't work dude on the hall Sean did it. And dragging on Greg and will have all his head. That's true actually grow a beard, huh? It doesn't look good. You guys can't grow hair and I think that's like almost a blessing you don't have to shave as much or I will come out real quick and then she'll there for like a little bit. Like I would like to come out like the next day and it just stay that length for like five days in every spot. So it looks stupid but you know, like when you're growing out your hair is that phase where you look like an idiot and you will look like an idiot, but if you commit to something You might still look like an idiot, but at least a chance you might not have his people will respect you a little bit but it's like how you sound like a movie ya like an actor who has like nice. Like I don't know it just you know, it wouldn't be like a Steve Carell situation. I got three hairs. Like I look like a cheek like a cat's cheek, you know like to do the whiskers that Whispers coming out. That's all I got nothing else there. You know, it's like a long desert real flat a little bit concave cuz I have no muscles and then like three pine trees and sticking out of the ground is what people tell you that meet girls on. I'm just wondering no actually had a girl to tell me the other day. She said why you don't have any hair on your back or your chest lucky and I'll just like, oh, what am I supposed to? She like woah, my last boyfriend was rushing so I don't know they're a little bit. I don't know what that mean. They're like a human loofah Asian. So damn dude we trying to do, you know, that's the one kind of people you don't want to upset. The Russians are dope them are freaking tough there a different breed out there, dude. No, but Derek I got to ask you this then if you want to know how to say kiss in Russian or no, I'm sorry Ukrainian you say the song So What does om for the one watch I do have is suspended in church. Anyways, I just want to know if I'm sorry. What were you saying? What's up? Why was a girl saying you're shirtless back and chest? So it's just like new song with that General getting a massage. Did you have to pay her for this passage? No ear wax wiggle Japan though. They like people said like I had a really nice low voice you do cuz I would do like to be getting like Japanese to them. But which means cool. Thank you doesn't mean you need to do in Japan. I did chicken out man I was going to do do do do do massages are going to go so poor and explain its even legal. Like what is that? What is that illegal? You can explain I think it's okay to talk about it cuz you didn't do it. Yeah, essentially it's like a it's a massage parlor, but they told me they only tell you themselves up I think and then they just rub their bodies on you is like an erotic massage. So they're massaging you with their whole body. Yeah. That sounds like porn that's not really I'm a Salt Lake do they actually massage you I don't know. I was hoping for a massage board. That's my favorite thing. That's cool. But then I didn't do that. Yeah. Yeah, why was because I was dreaming What's TOS terms of service to an accident? But as soon as I say touch genitals and things and in your pain before that that's like supposed to be not allowed. That is silly to me. Like it's your already running a naked person's body on you and your naked I'm assuming I don't I don't know. I didn't really that's so interesting about the legalization of prostitution but that is prostitution like sex was a lot of people recently coming out. Like I saw on like even like Joe Rogan podcast, you're like this is been around for ages since like early times prostitution and Did they should be legalized and taxed? Yeah, but people think it is actually in different parts of Las Vegas. There are really running brothels. Yeah, I thought that was illegal. In Vegas. Like people think it's are you going to Clark County is not legal but there are other counties that are right why I know this it's not because I've been to one. It's just doing research. Oh, yeah. Yeah. What was it? Like I said You learn a lot of like sexual related stuff because of Paco and he always has research quote on quote like The Hobbit the fat and the weirdest. I was like, hey there what time actually guys the age of consent is actually 16. I like why do you like white as a 27 year old or 28 year old man? Why do you need to know that like, it's just like So up for me, like I was a virgin until age of 26. Okay? Yeah just made it will put that out there and you're 28 and I'm 28 now, it's cool. And so it like a lot of time can people make stupid jokes, you know sure and they're like Paco is like, you know, he's so desperate ever like he like probably knows and like they said like he knows that the legal age of consent is 16 in Las Vegas now is like what it was 18, you know throughout the entire country, but apparently it isn't like different states have different age of consent supposed to be like in Japan like a prefecture has like the legal age of consent is 13. What ya damn 13 where I don't know exactly where it's all word-of-mouth. Of course. I could be wrong. So simple Google search Like if they're under the legal age of consent, but you're within five years of their age in certain States. Like that's okay, you know, cuz if you're 18 and your boyfriend a girlfriend is 17 and you guys make love or whatever and it back to person like it would be weird if that person went to jail for that. It's 13 in Japan 14 in China. The age of consent is 12 in the Philippines. Oh my gosh. Wow, that's crazy. Yeah. You could drink at like any age out there. I heard something about that though. Like what's it like France or something where they don't have a drinking age was like really young and because that's allowed there. There's like significantly like less alcoholism. And do you I really like alcohol-related incidents don't know if that's true or maybe his last reported cuz there's less underage drinking. Maybe they get it out of their system earlier through you know, you don't have to deal with it later. We're here in America, you know, you can't drink to rue21. So people want to drink once they hit 21 and they wanted so why is you stuff? I really went crazy when we be like clubbing and stuff like that, but I've been to clubs or events and stuff but at 21, I had like a 6 months free of just like doing little to no work and just like going straight clubbing and stuff and and I've always learned how much I hated it like And now and now I got out of my system. I don't have any craving ever to go again. We should go again, okay. What is so funny? I love going out to you. I like going out. I don't like clubs that you're a weirdo that you'll be at a party. Just a Wallflower. How you doing? Just researching man. Did that is me at parties. I just like I people watch a lot. Really? It's situational for me. It's very situational for me. I feel like normally like to be the center of attention if I know everyone there and I or most people there then I'll be really goofy. But if I don't really know anyone I know like one two, three people I kind of just observe their David had a crack and party. Hella people there tons of games good for liver Choi. Ye right guys are sleeping on the couch in his date is just sitting there you brought a date to a party a birthday party and you slept and she said she's just sitting next to you while you slept at a party in ASL cracking up so tight and then she was there and I was just like watching KingBach play Mario Kart and yelling at people while playing Mario Kart, and I thought I was so funny and I fell asleep. Okay, that doesn't Okay, so funny. I fell asleep. That wasn't that funny funny thinking back yellow people commercial Mountain Dew commercial like so much. It's crazy. The one where he blows out his character and they play basketball is doing really well. Yeah, he was content play we see him in the next couple weeks and then coming soon once I don't because it's a private event, but it's exclusive it's and it's a private event that I'm announcing something that will be available next podcast. I'll talk about it. Let's just say let's just say I won't be needing this cup very much long enough. It could change the game could never know and also not get a chance to dance. Anyway, we at War at the same across the bridge when we cross it across the bridge when we will cross that road when you get there, I don't you know, what just across those an hour? Okay. I feel like I didn't really let dare talk that much, but that is for people who don't know that is just Derek is this podcast is not your six podcast. Oh my God, we know when a Marvel movie is coming out cuz that's when he talks the most it is true that you guys see that movie yet or the trailer buddy about an interview like the shoe day. I want to go to jail just came out 2 hours with a trailer yet. Like what time you trailer? He's like looking at like Reddit Big Band Theory that everything ready asked me for sure. That's me for sure. All right. Well, I guess that's it. Thank you dear for being here today. Alito and I and their leaky leaky hose. I guess that's it for today, huh? Yeah, it's been a pleasure man. Thank you for inviting me and well, you're always around. So whenever you want to feel like talking I guess we'll wait till the next movie Avengers when it's over after we see it. We can talk talk some holes in the plot. That's what I like to do an asshole. It does bother me though little things like, you know, what they say. Like, you have to have the glove The Gauntlet closed right? I want to get back into this but it's real quick The Gauntlet Thanos Gauntlet. He has to have his fists closed right to to use it. But how can you snap and get rid of half the people with his fist? You can't snap with a closed fist like you can't Snap with a closed fist. Can you this is not closed fist? Well after you snapped who is closed, but you can't do it. You don't have the power until that's not a closed fist. That isn't what is the most wicked fish? That is the guy in scary movie. That was my germs. And this thank you guys so much you're turning into off the pill podcast will talk to you in that God. Don't forget. You don't follow us. Don't forget you guys can follow us app off the bill on Twitter at off the pill podcast on Instagram. Also, don't forget that we talked about a lot of the podcast stuff on do you write a page of reddit.com Nigahiga and anything else you want to plug? No, that's about soy I guess we'll end it now in 3 2 1. Derek Lowe and Mike didn't do it. Oh my gosh. Yeah, so I was wind. I'm going to kill him Let's cross that bridge when we cross the bridge. What is the real saying though? Don't know I don't care. I'll let's cut this out. But I really want to look it up actually. What do I cross the bridge saying? We'll cross that bridge when one comes to it. That sounds so lame.