No. My mom doesn't call me William. My mom called my mom Jimmy Jimmy. I never liked him cuz I was like William is like it's like a stupid name. I like my dad, Jimmy, you know, and so like my really really close friend my relatives call me Jimmy my like clothes like housemates call me scarra. No one calls me William unless it's like it's like IRS tax purposes. Like the government calls me know when exactly is originally started doing playing league, right? You were like a professional Esports as a professional League of Legends player 2 or 3 years and I transition to being a coach forsix months and it afterwards an hour and in between I was having a streamer 4 about 729 years I have to really double check because I didn't start streaming on Twitch on Xbox at exactly a 50 people so I can give you hit your cap to wait in a queue tell people at someone left to watch the stream. And so I used to stream World of Warcraft on Xbox 250 people like way back with it. And then I always feel like your cap rank one. And the reason I can ever get rank one. It's cuz half whose team was so good. She just like she was like her like she was a really really great warrior should have really great Warlock and it had like some of the best players in our bow group on the team. Is now you're doing your streaming TFT. Yes, which is teamfights active. Yes. It is a fat game. It's a strategy game. Gabriella Matt's it's got to be one of the more. I mean, I don't know I haven't checked recently. But is it more popular than fortnite yet on Twitch hell no to something like it's like Hearthstone, you know, there's a lot of crazy before and less like a couple years and I so interesting you put all this time into learning this like skill in this art and it could you have to adjust right? Like you can just play the same game while League. I guess. I never thought I'd switch and then just randomly like I went in to play this game. Okay, I actually got was getting tired of late for the first time in seven years while so I started playing though the auto chest and I can in my stream play more are the chestnut play League of Legends. And this is the five months following pft's lunch. And then one day I got an invite from ride games super India. Beanie Boo me to come in at a store game. I'm just like oh, okay. We need to test something confidential but through the grapevine on your own. The first iteration of the genre of ride games to play other different games. They just drive me back in the day. I became like one of the face is 40 ft. And like a lot of My Success is a tribute to me jumping on the bandwagon first, right, right. Yeah. For a League of Legends. I became a cop shooting for the new game. Like I said, she's like, okay. I was I was almost a consultant for them at some point I felt because it's like when we catch a room with although the alpha testers and we talked a lot about the game, but even then like at some point had to figure out if the game was worth like all any on and what ends up happening was when they first invited me to that that meeting in like everyone else else ends up leaving. I like 2 hours after hours like we're eating in the dining room and talk to them not just about the game like the future the game at what your distribution plan like what you like, how are you guys doing to make money with the future of your game? What's expansion look like that everything I've heard about these guys that are intelligent. They know what they want to do. They cannot change quickly. And when I really like these guys on the premise that I like the people working on it more than the premise of I like the company or like anything about the game cuz interesting cuz the first the first generation the game we got was like at the potential but like men honestly it was it wasn't as good and it's even now Yeah, you should help you pretty much helped develop. I already need to do so like it seemed like I was there to be like I'm made any part of game successful. I'm just saying that like, I thought them a little bit about stuff here and there but when yeah, because if you confirmed but a lot about you know what you're currently doing a little bit because you do epithelia. Can I hit me? Hit me up with my sister you guys know each other for a while. I bet Paco four years ago 4 years ago. A group of how do I even like her house? And we didn't fail. It's like there was so many kind of in a formula that I've no idea how you like. I said SLI I brought you a lot of people that wanted is so funny. Actually at the origin story was like I had was worthy of me and like an old manager Chris and I had an Excel document. I was like in the stock me I'd the people I wanted to work with like in the house and so like I poked his name was on there, which it we eventually got her toast is on there, but I was like it was so early. I didn't lilypichu other people live at live our lives with us is on there and I was like it snowing get her she's too big. So I like cross her out even try to get her on like the first the first We got for like we end up grabbing a laptop computers. It's been I think about two and a half years since we started all of us are doing pretty well. Like it's it's been pretty successful. And where was I going with this? Oh, yeah. I met him because I came over a long time ago. And I think I knew that before having food a couple or I still have a friend. Sorry they used to do in Orlando and then I met him through Orlando and it was so funny. I words like how do you make cool stuff and then he drove over to try to help us deuced cool stuff. We still have he was one of the first people to fill my very first skin ever. Find it. Like I'm pretty sure it's hidden somewhere. Like we are first ever skit with them with Pacquiao and that's when we learned that she wears are not actors or actresses and that we probably do a little bit better improv and like that scenario than just like, hey, let's read off lines of shit. We can't read offline and tell you that huh? Okay. So basically you guys met story because I am not even sure I remember the first time I met you it was at Korean BBQ. Okay, and how you kind of got into the league how you became a team with dignitas all that stuff. You want my life story from when I got into the Jeep. In a way. All right, so I was playing League of Legends like like the first season started League of Legends was It would have no support right. I came from a game for two years and you were that I'd switch to League of Legends because all my friends with and my brother was like, hey, you got to come play with me and my friends. I'm just like daughter because he was a real professional at that timer. You were just an amateur the best professional player anything I do well in World of Warcraft, like I'm consider myself professional, right? And so I just jumped the League of Legends and I remember first week of that played. I had averaged 30 kill the game. I'll take this game is so easy. Like I can't do this is a children's gave us gave is a dove a very top. I remember I got know this because I was ranked 3 in in the month. It took me to level 230 rank came out and when rain came out I hit Rank 3 May 3rd in the world. Play it exhausting night Katarina. And everyone was just like who is this guy? Cuz all the top players are from beta. That's a no one knew who I was except for one person who would become a future teammate Locust Locust me because he used to play World of Warcraft on my server and he remember that I was a top PPR that server and I made the connect that way and then we started a team together. So it's like right now in East actually like I know one person they know everyone else. And that's how it works. Seven years ago crazy, it's not even that long ago it is but if you think about it how much things have changed and then look where you are like seven years isn't that long for how far what's your long-term plan? I was like that's a joke right in normal business is from what I understand your plan for 10 years. And then that's it. Any sports Longview long-term is one year at Short Term is one week and so I couldn't tell you at any given moment in like like some periods during the last five years a lot. What I was doing the week after I like even even though like 2 months ago, if you had asked me, are you going to quit League of Legends back? He'll know if you have a lovely go legend and then he comes out I blow up playing TF2. Now I'm like a bird and it is really strange cuz I expected to go and like like my success I'm trying really hard not to take it for granted trying to work really hard on it. But like I know where a lot of opportunities will come up randomly and it just like your hard work will dictate your luck at finding these and then then it's up to you to pursue them up to your hard work maintain like you think any person just like any any single person could train and play as much as you play a certain game and become as good as you are or do you think some people just think differently and they are as good as me is I always wondered cuz I know like hot food. She didn't play that game at all and like all of a sudden she's always at the top. Raise your FPS gamer. Yeah, really good reaction time. Right really good. Like I guess like muscle movement, you know when it comes to that kind of stuff between FPS games. So I see if you want the best girl said, he should be that PS camera because there's always is always a need for that skill-set. Maybe they built in quickly, but they think like well, like overall they are maybe slow mechanical you don't have much mechanics, but they're very good at being able to understand and piece together different pieces to make a whole picture guys toes Haku dog smelling like and no one like the value of things in like the odds of stuff happening, you know, when you grow up you learn different things. Do you know and it doesn't have to be games like let's say you were I don't know like your plate your badminton player and you have really good luck hand eye coordination because Play La Tennessee play Alabama to get you need a high hand eye coordination to play that skill to play at a high level and then you can translate some of that has that's interesting to me. I've always wanted that and what I mean, like if I were to ask you like to do you think if you were to just just start playing a lot and just trained your ass off you could become a first-person shooter player. I always tell people is that yes that I could become good. But do you think you can come like where you want to put in? That's what she at this point in. My life is very it's like I don't have enough time in the right switch everything to do. So, I guess it's me to succeed rights over me. I always think if I put enough hours into something I'll be good at it. And that's just the confidence I have in myself, but I don't ever think I will be like super glue. Thousand hours played OverWatch League more than that. Lets let's say I put a whole year to play OverWatch and playing Call of Duty and playing Apex at FPS games. Well, if I actually trained to practice I did a lot like a bother at this stuff in Q had an actual regiment his schedule at I probably make like globally actually I believe that right now, can I still use laugh at me if I said that we actually like if I play FPS games held a gun before it ever light is really bad. I think I probably hit like the quiet comes out with it FPS game and I'm just I just want to be fucking good like I fit kills me to be by the game. I will put in the hours. Like I just eat better use of my time like Francis, like people see what I do. All I do is eat sleep PFT merch idea for the first 3 weeks of PFD launch, which it's been about a month to happen more than three weeks in I would play TF2 for 12 hours. I wake up shower gift theatrical or maybe go to the gym personal trainer fly through this week. We'll come back for three hours. I want you to record a video about 2 ft. Thinking about 2 hours. So like literally like 3 a.m. But I 1 a.m. I'm recording a video in the middle of the night. Put on YouTube The Light Fight obviously if you don't like what you think, it's good. We think it's bad if he's not available if I'm eating bring up to you if I'm not playing so I went to the first like 3 weeks. I was putting in like 16 hour days. I just enjoy it for sure. I'm screaming like only like 6 hours. Why is that too easy? Let's talk about that. Actually. I'm doing a challenge. I started the year. I wanted you stream for every single day this year until 365 days of streaming and cottage cheese doesn't matter. She has the world record for longest time consecutively streaming on Twitch. Can you guess what it is? 864 days. I don't know. I don't know. I mean if you tried to a four-year, it's 6 years is 5 1/2 days. So I guess it's about six radio streaming every single day. That's how he got blew up big. That's how he blew up. He was more amazing though. He was more consistent the early morning talk shows. He was there every day of the week more consistent in your family members. He was there for you you like kind of stuff. I saw that honestly doesn't do this. Normally though. I didn't recently liked with TFT poppy off. I realized it's really me to get new viewers. You have to be really careful. I guess it comes to strategy games cuz there's a lot of back seating and was actually going to be like, oh you could and so I can't get like a good flow going for my game for my gameplay because like I try to be entertaining him trying to be uplifting and I'll lose a game but maybe it you know, honestly like the best place to eat Sometimes the best players I watch but if I ever do that, I just don't play very well it like a become super toxic to the point where like I can't play because that on top of I become like super Snappy. I had people there right now and before when I was at when I was averaging like 2.5 yours. I was never banned. One every two days. It's like just the sudden influx of the popularity. Plus that the type of you my place really back. See the book has even you play to the right odds and everything's results-based rights like this, but it's like even if I made the right play I could like it could work out back for me. Why don't you do that? And so I think the last couple days for me doing this challenge not having a rest day as well as doing this. I'm extremely a lot less hours. I've been trying to take more time off supposed to be like, what's 6 hours a day but like $240 a month every month. That's like that's crazy like a hundred and eighty people cuz the thing about the most important has patience patience because Players that answer to say 50 questions 50 times a day. So it's like or teacher to be able to do what I do, especially if you're like or that market myself like maybe brand I don't even like saying that word. It feels to like artificial. Like I'm I'm being like you just lost a friend lyrics Just a teacher to Professor with a really easy questions like is like you can know what you're asking me instead and you want me to tell you the answer. You already know that sometimes when like that combine with People are being dicks cuz I have a lot of new people like I think before cuz I was I was I really like what two point five thousand three thousand viewers, which is like if I go from that to going to be doing like 13009 to 13,000. Literally I quadrupled my viewership. Success comes with some Growing Pains. No sure and I didn't see the problems with my stream challenge and like the other stuff before but after now I'm just like oh shit, like I had to be really really careful because like I will get like like really annoyed a lot quicker the mental fatigue tense of build up and sew for me as a defense mechanism. I'm like, I tried to bite the backlash of yours is much I ban a lot more people every day, but that's just the nature of the game I guess and I I take me a little bit less, you know, I started reading fantasy fiction the childlike balance out my my day by day. But like if you have to like what I do fer de it's still like TFT. What do we call it? Extreme me, YouTube videos like sponsorships and then like now decide in Reading instead of it's like About an hour or two a day are normal. I just like reading a now. I read like 4 hours a day. I had a day where I slept at 4:30 cuz I I turn off my screen my God my bad. Sorry at 3 11:30 ended at 4:30 a.m. And I woke up and read some more and I was like, huh? It's nice. It's really nice. How many hours of sleep do you generally get six or seven straight? Are you serious? MMA fighting sleep for like 24 hours. I might be able to do you really I feel like as a kid so you like PJ at 12:14. That's fine. That's the one thing I have seen. The thing is I'm the oldest person in my friend group or Alexa. Anyone the big 3-0. I'm just like shit guy. Everyone. Everyone was really young to be on my card. You're like a baby that fucking wearing diapers around the house, but it's not a big deal. It's not a big deal. You're half my age. You could have you could have been their dad like everyone. Can you order in the scene? But if some people come in there really really on your psyche. Oh my God, I can't go project H17. What was I doing? Stupid shit. Well, well be right back, but we're going to take a quick she she break and yeah, what's continue talking about this with some Twitter questions? Amber back, okay. I'm going to go right into the 20 question in this just recently became a thing and I'm sure you have thoughts on this ninja joining mixer Microsoft new streaming platform competing directly with twitch for those listeners. I don't know so I told them I was like, I've already talked a lot like it was pretty much at the scar a podcast to this point points. If you guys went takut likely. This is very interesting. So back to this guy podcast we talked about ninjas Ashley like again so major move them to mixer and obviously he's not going to say it's for the money, but it's for the money. Cactus Roots but are what is roots work was twitch. That's what his mother was. So it's all her money but also cuz like Microsoft backs Whatchamacallit mixer and then I think we'll be able to get like early access to Halo and I should be like a big pool for both himself and relaxer for him as a streamer. He was the superstars. So the number one streaming on Twitch never stays for more than a year every single year like clockwork and whips out the longest first play streaming on Twitch with cutie pie. I think it had one and a half years really and then like after him it's like he was a League of Legends streamer. Also, your former team is like he was the first and then it went to dr. Disrespect and then like Ninja shroud and and tfue people's number one team is number one right now has of any person that has his own merch and Walmart. This guy is like household name good branding. He fell off and then assuming And why not take it it's like it's only can only be good for him in my opinion like he moves off. They can't think of it. What happened worst case scenario he fails to give me your contact right? I'm sure it's a two-year. He got paid a shitload of money for it at the end of marking when he returns. Can you imagine switches the man returns fucking plays on billboards everywhere? It's like so you're laying out a strategy exactly like going back because he's still the right now the most followed person on twitch.tv. Wow still and that's like the future right you're predicting that and visit this all good because he's a superstar who who changed a platform. He's got that draw. He's got that power to be able to make it just elevates is brand so much to say he can go in We're and make people come to you. So but right now there was an issue with his Channel about promoting other streamers and how there was Russian porn. I am a manager to CEO of twitch. Do you care about like the feel like random like Teeth terms-of-service violations or like kind of Grey area Abby s happening here. There's two twitch the last year like all this girl got banned for doing for like doing something disco thing you put in with her cat, you know like that ad with you at the CEO care about like the Small Things the small infractions. Probably not right. You're trying to figure out like, okay. Like, how do I have I work with Amazon to play like a superior product how they make sure Roi is good like you three plan that she like that even though you have somebody to seeing someone else but not really really super hardcore twitch bans. There's like a bunch of fucking up y'all. These like Key West things all this stuff recently. Like they try to promote this stupid stuff where they use ninjas Channel as like Ebates, Test promote other streamers so I can if you're offline when the biggest twitch employee of the biggest problems with twitch right now is that if a streamers on white and you go to a stream you will not and you're a fan of him, you may not watch another streamer. So they're trying to make sure that funnel doesn't just I sign people out to try to make it easy for you to go it instantly to another streamer. They're promoting. So obviously they try to be the product on ninja that was kind of weird still probably would have been okay, but someone was born on the fortnite channel on the under the fortnite tag, I got back out recommended cuz they're recommending all fortnite streamers obviously need to Spanish word for knife and it would recommend their category and so ninja obviously doesn't like his grandpa porn kind of bullshit. So he like how to put a video about hey, you know, this is stupid shit all yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then the CEO apologize they had his Channel all this stuff in the end. It's like this only good thing is only good for That's all I see you like Ninja walks away clean. He is on the new platform and I didn't success or failure will be based on two switches. Very honest. I tell my child look dude mixer comes at me with a million dollars. I'm out the door, you know, I even like 5 million. I'm out the door. Hello, where we going so funny are you wanted to go but says that mixer needs more people that drive over like I really didn't want five of the top 10 songs right one. Like right. Yeah. Do you know any other streamers and she want the life? No, you know any streamers a cement mixer know but do you know people as it's like there's no draw there if it's just one there who got like five Superstars you can do it was a 24/7. Radio station so they got some ways to go before I'm pretty sure that's illegal as well. By the way. Have you ever met ninja or played games with him? Whenever he plays fortnite? He's he's a first-person shooter has a really cool guy really chill guy, but like my world on it intersect right? I don't leave the house. So that's probably the hardest thing but I will consider to be like very close like a c or B level a superstar like just in general mainstream. Yeah, you like commercials. I'm like I could always say this for time pseudo famous. So you may know of me if you're like my specific demographic you like. Yeah, you're 18 to 28 living in Southern California. Who's also predominantly Asian and you bleed like bubble tea and you Hannah K-Town. It's like anyone who plays stop Tik Tok people. I told you that I think what you're saying is true and you ain't you make a good case. You should take that clip and send it to mixer just like get a few of other big streamers for other ones put it put together a pitch and send it to them if they give us $59 Dam. With all the more. I mean if it's not for me, it's like that's why I have agents to go to be so yes or no. Yeah, and I want to focus on just you know, I like playing League of Legends like 90 ft. I want to create content. I don't want to get bogged down by political like politics stuff. I'd only a bike that by like Things I don't like like so how do you feel about your brand like your brand Outreach your growth and like they start using these buzzwords. I know what you mean. I can understand the English language. But the more you talk like this the more I don't want to listen, right? So like I tried to any of our success of the household is the ability to stay out that they are like brand I'm going to use one of those terms of sorry. Yeah. I feel a lot of their success and I think is this, you know, Ryan material. Is it all the time? I mean it does take its it's a matter of like your own self. Right? Like if you're not happy with it, then maybe it's different for sure. I mean works on YouTube to not be authentic and still be able to get away with it. But maybe it streaming you have to be odd streaming cuz they see you so closely and like right if you're a good actor. You're Hollywood. You're not streaming. It's like for them to see 6 hours in real life. You can't have that you can't act as fake it without you will slip up, you know right person. If you just ignore ignore me cussing like every you know, 5 or 10 minutes, right? So yeah, I agree like anything to chop up and I didn't make me look like the devil. It doesn't really matter but I'm screaming like a teacher. Do you think your appeal to and why you're so popular is because you're good at the game or because you just genuinely like UK aside from very very very rare cases. I think if you're trying to make a name for yourself, you have to be to defecate. Okay, like you being good at the game is a draw for people to come and watch you there are exceptions you you should be entertaining. You should be consistent you like all this stuff. You should have presents you should be able to like I don't know like all this stuff but I think if you're not good at video games, why would people watch what will what I mean is you're like theirs being good at games and there's being like you like in the top percentile there any other cases where like they're just may be really good looking or they're just a nice personality or like you. Maybe you can have success. That's not at the top level if that's the case. But do you want to be like a 10,000 + dreamer at you cannot suck ass at your video game that you're not the play ten thousand plus a lot of channels are like like tournament channels. He also individual why is it might be less than like 40. What are those people and your and you're known for streaming one game or what type of game so you're not a variety show. Cuz people who watch varieties humor is like lyric are there for different reasons? Like he like his personality. I don't know how Superstar level. Super good for one game like League of Legends or one game like fortnite. They have to be good at you even ninja you know, who was at the very top of his game. He won the first Pro-Am. He was the winner. The best player I can confidently say he is no way in hell but he walking all the tournaments. He was good enough to where he could say. He was Elite status and a part of what made his appeal drop in the last year he qualify for World Championship this year I heard is really bad. Right and I love you or like you don't want to watch someone who does not good enough to qualify, you know, they're so so yeah, I think it's an argument to be said with that though with a basketball like LeBron. He didn't make the playoffs him. Just how much do you bring to the table. If you're not playing you want to watch someone who's good, you know, he's either good or entertaining and it's very rare to find the full package from the whole package player was like good entertaining streams a long time. So I think if you're especially a exclusive streamer stream Reddit streams one game, you have to be good to break the $55 Mark if you're not you can't compete. I'm 100% serious. You have to be not just good ol eat if I wasn't Challenger or Grandmaster, like I was at the very top I would I would lose several thousand of my Tears guaranteed because I'm not even higher resilient. Yes. It's that like a relation is very strong. And I didn't know that the game you bring in viewers. I thought after they get to know you, you know, a lot of people in park Discovery system is awful which everyone hates and despises but it's phenomenally well well done like it is the most successful algorithm the finding stuff that you will watch like of anything. Even if it's complete bull. Should I hate it, but which is terrible You're not going to get discovered who's going to discover you like? Why would I watch people always ask me. How do you be a good streamer? And I'm just like have a reason to be with a watch. Like what what's your Niche, you know, most people niches to have to start out being good and then they can work from there. Like if you could say you're the best in the world people watch but that's it like that. No one will ever discover. You sound like a resume in a way then to Stanford. But like it's a first name for like the number one like Challenger player in Brazil or something like that, you know. Wow, well that's good to know for all the kids who want to become streamers out. You're not going to make it. You got to be the best in the world so I can start practicing at some real advice. I think that's why I appreciate you placing. Well, I like the first tournament or not. It's a difference between your viewership going up or down 2000. If I lost three games in a row on stream in the first 3 weeks. I stream kfdi will lose 2000 years three games the other streamers and most players multi will come in. We'll watch the end of your game and leave anyways, but people will not watch a loser. Who were you then that your current version while you're doing so well right now because you're doing so well at the ghat TFT is ever worry you that like all of a sudden new game comes out and no one cares about 2 ft and you have to switch. I mean that you don't have to switch but if people aren't interested in it, oh absolutely, but like I think at that level like you don't want to worry but too much like for me at Focus on yourself and focus on the grind and try to make the best product like I'm confident up with for me as a person that I would sell regardless what happens like if you're going to ask are you going to be hell? Yeah. Hell yeah probably dead, but I'm confident of my ability and my skillset to find success regarding in any What is this is basically just like how to become a very successful streamer stream anymore. So are we got some Twitter question is very easy and simple one. Hme Cesar asked. How often do you wear suits? Never get wedding. He just got married his my old teammate. You can actually name off the three times of water through this year. I don't see myself and That's it. Scarra actually bought me my first suit. Oh, yeah Vegas Vegas deals for fursuit. I like Baka you won't want with so I can get what you even read what I just recently and then they're interested in that and then recently I got a mechanical keyboard custom made for myself. It's Supernatural I can't raise enough about this like like ideal and I'm the only one who owns it knows everything right now is like you get a participation award and I'm just like I don't want a participation what I want the only one give it to me at that level where you can have a friend Nathan to to build one for me. I got like by the way stupidly expensive like pretty much all the stuff you want is like sold out at the byham. I like the second half party websites or through people will buy two times and price and it cost like wanted to Grand to get your final board if you would have done well, so I have to Gran board. It's super nice. So I can hire not even kidding question number 2 from Twitter from Griffin does living in a house with other streamers cause unnecessary tension and frustration and how do you deal with feeling irritated with each other the mess messes you make and deciding which is very specific who has more even like Creator streamers, whatever you want to call it. I'm sure there are frustrations, right? Oh, yeah absolutely living with you find that more because they're saying frustrating but do you find help? Okay, I'll buy my problems with recently about like extremely everyday all that stuff are the reason why I feel like I'm not doing as well as the first couple weeks. This is toast recently left the Canada to visit his family again, and I think him leaving motivate motivate me to to be better at Tfti cuz me and him. He's like bounce off energy like it's kind of like a yes because he's a top one streamer. I'm like number for and I was always looking up to him and like I'm going to beat him. I want to do this better. I want to do this better in like I'm sure he sees that like because I'm hustling he has to hustle as well. But like ever since he left like I've had like more like problems and Tremors like my focus and motivation in like all this she comes up so I know it's a lot more when he just left recently and it feels like like, you know it he helped me out a lot but not just him like it very much. I mean to live with people who are successful come in like terms of like I guess Privacy like personal space is not that good. I think you want more and more of your own personal life as you go like right where that's not the case. You see you enjoy company of others like a new year like early twenties until like your late 20s, but like what your late twenties honestly you looking for a relationship you're looking for like to like really settled down and I think that a business in the end. We weren't sure when we realized it like why we're trying to go for so business-oriented stuffed between friends or how long is this like Steven stay together at us to stay together as a group currently like we make this a chance of you plan to like just this man at the end of at the end of like the current lease because just because like not being hate each other but because The it's it's like that time. I don't know how they said. It's hard to push through the plateau in a way. I feel like there's a time when people know that you should move on or that you you want to move on a great time together and we're being very successful. Like I didn't bring us everyone more successful like crazy lifelong friendships when the words are lines that Lily used to say was that, you know, when they said that it was the best of times It'll last house. She it was during one of our like we're seeing down like eating with talk to you. She's like, you know, you don't know the best of times until they're gone and She said that that could be us right now and I thought I always think about that because I'm just like I don't know. I really may think I'm a look back on this and think this is probably the or maybe could be one of the best times of my life. I truly believe that that could be the case. And so I'm trying to just not take it for granted again, right and do the best I can and I really worried about where stuff ends, you know, cuz it's going to end at some point off. My husband is because we decided not to like kind of taking new members and not like kind of expandable. He's currently maybe that changes the next couple months. Who knows but like we try to make it very very exclusive am I doing so it's like well, if one person leaves like like, you know, it's like a boy band, you know, you just can't pick out fucking Justin Timberlake and expect, you know, the rest of the band to stay together. Maybe when I get really shity boy bands like bring a S Club 7. Do you remember that? A real throwback. I don't even remember stuff in my but I actually think of them as my family. I'm not I'm not super close to my I'm on my real family anymore at the visit them next year. By the way, I promised my fault my father and my grandparents my lap. My grandfather's Last Wish before he dies. He's 92 right now is to see Miss his grandsons. And that's all I have is like I will definitely go just tell me when I'm planning a trip next year to see him before he dies of my family moved to China. My brothers are studying in med school or trying to go to med school over in Boston up, but he just came back from China to so like I was the only person the country for a long time, but you know, how my family a little baby we talk about it. Nazi Republican I feel like Play this is Lil Valkyrie. So my family does pretty well in China, I would say. My aunt owns the four largest hospitals in Shanghai also very well grandfathers. Yeah, one of my grandfathers did train had asked people for the Beijing opening Olympics while he was one of the eight Generals in the Chinese General's where they at least like 10,000 people really weird, but like he retired recently, but he was the one who trained the Opening Ceremonies for six months. They cut down from ten thousands like 8 or 7. And so like yeah, you saw the Olympic ceremony with that ran across the screen all that sat by my grandpa. My grandparents trade that my my dad's younger brother is like one of the number one contract lawyers the country or like at he graduated like the first of his classroom and mighty something like that. My my dad's like we're the best offshore drilling Platforms in the country. He got hired by Chinese government, and he wanted number one civilian award last year. The Miracles he not like kind of like about you. Like I think most of like me cuz I'm at the most successful franchise places all this stuff. It does Simon like Nike and she like that at any wild shape. So like in China, It's all countries. You can have money without power. It's possible if you have power you also have money like it's so like I would say my my family is relatively powerful. In in that country because like I don't like to ever have any kind of association with them. I don't want to feel like I can always fall back on going to try to be honest. I'm really like cut off for my family. Like I am very really talk to him. I'm like, oh, yeah me and my mom I call each other on a monthly basis. I'm like, yeah me and my mom is she is like I remember like I don't miss her phone call, like maybe we'll talk like once every 6 months my brother might act like once every like 3 months. So it's like I'm a really liked radio station with my family. I I feel much closer with my family and I like my roommates that they're pretty much my second family and I do with my might make closely related like blood type. Is there such animosity I'm like the worst kind of friend you can have cuz I will never reach out and asked to do something. It's like if you don't interact with me on a daily basis, which I don't leave the house so you can't interact with me unless you live with me. I will like like I won't refresh refresh the Friendship kind of that. Relationships and friendships are the same that you work at them for them to be better and you know and you don't work at them, you're not going to develop good friendships and like a lot of a very bad person that and like that that's true for like but like my friendship relationship as well as like my household like my my my actual family relationships. Yeah working on it. I mean when you like you said you wanted more you've been living with your family you been living with these other streamers what you do say, you want your own personal space and it's going to a time where you feel like at that age where you want to have your own space. Yeah. I think it's weird for me to try to pursue a relationship cuz I always I always compare like if I'm interested in what would my my roommates think if I brought her back? weather be like in Saline not interested, but doesn't matter as much as like how I think my roommates would judge me for the person that you guys will they approve that close at least sometimes I feel like they have to be I've been in like one serious relationship and in like a couple things that I like talk to people like I'm always just like what I be comfortable bringing them back and answer know which is been though a lot of times. I'm very private people in my household don't know of anyone to question of like, how do you get to diffuse issues it something I said something I always think about cuz you told it to me and it was like I was having issues one point in your life. Is there anything you could do about it right now in right away and I was like no and you're like then why are you so focused on it Focus things that are immediate and the things that you can adjust with one of the biggest things I learned from him is to not give a shit about stuff his friends his cats Lisha. That's it. He's got the game. He's got the cat he cares about it. That's all he cares about me doesn't care about like he's like image. She like who wears these like white shirts like he's like, he's like flexing with his $20 Whitey's now before the most my sneakers, he has got some nice shift, but it doesn't mean it's a joke, you know, just cuz you can as opposed to something. He's acting right to others. I learned a lot about less about like what I wear and I learned to keep focus on what I really care about, you know, whether it's like my stream whether it's my relationship my friends. My roommates are It's help me focus a lot in terms of like what can I do to get stuff done and just ignore everything else? Cuz I think I did not make me a lot less like I guess stressed about a lot of good things come to me with problems. I'm just like do you want me to actually solve them for you? Or do you want me to like just be a listening like person cuz like I'm really bad at being able to do both at once. So like a really good question to ask people because I found like I always try to solve problems of your good. Yeah, they good listener sometimes and so yeah, I think Thank you. Everybody is listening to this that being said. What's allowed to put on like twitter.com fish? I caught a fish alive, but are you can find it all there? I don't have anything to plug. I'm trying to do this challenge thing, but I'm going to finish it. By the way. There's no way of stopping on its 22030. I don't know. It's awesome believe I won't be back seat saying things and I don't know but I don't know that I played a lot. I was walking away from Queen. No, I got you. I got tonight. I got tonight. I got tonight. So so like all right. Well again, thank you so much. That is pretty early. If I want to remember we talked about videos that they do pretty well, but you're not proud of does there's a there's a bunch in there as one of the Shadows that took a Sheila a time. That was crazy. I watched a lot of shit inspiring person to watch until I look at YouTube history like very good at like logging very good at like I see if I was good at blocking. I probably still said it's very inspiring. Does he like? Wow, this is really cool and awesome. I appreciate that and we are going to check out your stream right when you get home. You can follow us at off the pill on Twitter at Optical podcast on Instagram and usually just help me on this just breathe into the mic and 3 2 1 That was like a little of what you hear that knows me.