When did each other's skin into each other's skin is out with the under each other under skin a little bit and now we went to keep my way too early way too far. I know how to make money not going to anymore. Yeah, this is like wow. This is pako's like fantasy right now. Yes, you dumb it just the way you acted.Why can't we are getting a look at your house? So do I look at you? day of school Hasbro curly are you did you actually curl me not this is all natural. Okay. This is real stuff. This is real stop to ConEd hey, hey, are you watching the audio levels? Cuz I don't think you are. I kind of am okay. I think we're good. All right. Well we Peak it's like part of the experience was pretty a big part of it just that we're celebrating. Taco Bell taco holder to make sure your birthday. When's your birthday in 1200 case and closeness weird 6 days apart as we celebrate our birthday together. Actually that somebody made for us some voodoo doll back in the day off made by one of our friends. That's the end. I'm giving it back to him cuz I was holding it for a long time. On this podcast, you can't see me holding it up, but that's what I'm doing. And I look like John Cho but I'm wearing a breast crew outfit like the shoot the politics. That was the first time we just cuz we didn't have an outfit initially right the first one we went to H&M to buy the outfit Master of the day of the shoot. We did like what what do we wear? Yeah and black and yellow was really popular song at the time Wiz Khalifa and we saw these ridiculous black and yellow outfits. Yep, and we're on the globe logo creator characters outfits. Buy milk on the monsters, but when they heard KevJumba is going back there. Like we're going to hold back on. This one today was episode is literally you guys just bickering like sisters. Well, you know, he gets jealous when you know, I knew this was going to happen because personality-wise that's a lie. This is just like a roast session school, you know, you sound real jealous raining. What about that what I found. About today. Okay, so Let's get into it before you guys start fighting again. And the most common thing that we got online since we announced that you're going to be here. Is there going to be a broad question and you know what? I'm not even ask you that until later about something really current a little bit about how we start talking again recently and that is about the playoffs basketball player. So I told Ryan I don't watch my basketball and I said, you know you flirt with the idea of talking about sports on your podcast. So not just basketball. I know your finger wrestling I am but I'm not a fan of watching it of watching wrestling. Okay. I like to wrestle right don't like watching wrestling but you like 5 you like watching MMA you like watching NBA and there, you know Sports kind of Niche your fans that don't watch it. Don't really Play when you're talking about correct. They don't usually relate. Yeah. Yeah. So when a lot of them at least about it you talk about it. There's like crickets usually most people I would say special on Twitter. That's not the audience for there's some people especially because I I came out as a Spurs fan on while ago. So I have a bunch of like certain followers that are Spurs fans that respond but it's like nobody cares. Oh, yeah Clyde is it that game winner in Game 7 I could delete it. But nobody in my feed would care if I tagged like Raptors and Canadians or something like there's no I mean what you wanted me to talk about that here and I told you that I don't think most people care about that stuff at least so I'm convinced that people would care Paco but it was it's so big everyone talking about it like a regular. I don't think people care, right? Back to back and to be honest I check it every day even during the regular. I'm a big fan and a big fan but the conversation was more like, you know, people might not track the stats or as much or like follow certain teams cuz not every city has a team and you know, you took his Global luckily NBA's becoming Livermore Global, but what I want to say is like sports in itself can be relatable. Maybe not true of the data or or or certain players franchises, but just the what you can learn from Sports how Sports can inspire you to work hard. And so it's more of a reflection of like our culture are being our daily life and how we can succeed right? Yeah. I just don't like that. You said Can inspire you and you looked at me and then said to work harder. Are you going to pick a fight again sharing eye contact and it just so happens that I wanted to give you some inspiration and you this is going to happen. I just popped. Oh, I know you work hard. I don't like playing video games. And Mike is mine on a lot of too. Many things is the not really I have an addictive personality. So if I really like something that I just go hundred percent into it, that's good. I mean, it's good if she gets bored easily jump, he jumps into different things like you'll be in the basketball one week or maybe more than a week. Then he'll be in to stand up or whatever it is. I don't know me I do know me. When's the first time we met. Internet icon is getting somewhere good. It sounds like you're being a little sarcastic stink. Like even like when I'm if it were like me and popcorn will right. I mean the most regular people on it unless they guess is somebody like you they don't even watch basketball. It's hard to like even bring it up and talk about it when even though I as much as I like it, it's like they probably didn't see any of the games or really know who's on whose team right? I mean, you don't really know. I mean, I know only like the stars name is on it, but you know when in the playoffs like when quiet that everybody know that has pop up Can hit that that three-pointer. From like 35 feet people are going to see that. Yeah, and you can talk about that. But you know in the playoffs there's more of those happy accidents were people are like in big shots in the pressures on that's the thing about sports. It's competitive. There's a high-stakes, you know, these these players go through crazy amounts of pressure. They're playing back, you know on Monday Wednesday Friday Sunday, like they're playing for games a week and it's just like you're seeing people at the top of their game go at it and like whether it's peace Sports regular Sports, you know, you watch movies TV like you getting the top athletes or performers and they're just they're in the moment and it's it's Transcendence of just oh, I'm not a basketball fan like you can respect and appreciate, you know, seeing like Transcendence performers like Kawhi Leonard, Requires a lot of hard work and dedication and you know a lot of hours people don't see right out like a few seconds of Glory. Yeah that they all so I guess they're going into that. You know, you were one of the top 1% of YouTubers or not. You still have a very solid foothold in the YouTube game, you know, like well known amongst a lot of craters and fans and I guess, you know out of nowhere kind of you kind of just like fell off the face of the Earth or yeah, you do I disappeared. I didn't know that there was people who started to put your name right next to the like, you know, Bigfoot and Loch Ness monster that I had it didn't went through many stages of like, you know from YouTube to wanting to do acting and then transitioning from Mike. You know what I'm going to take a break from this cuz Chase and and just focus on you no family and in my life so from when you were like at the top of your game cuz you didn't it's not like you became or would like olives and Kenzie relevant and he's going to stop it was when you were still getting tons of use you are still very popular. You just wanted to go a different direction. I would say so in this goes back this is going to be like, you know, a friend moment for us to but you were doing YouTube and you'd like we had private conversations where you're like, yo, I'm committed to YouTube like this is my bread and butter like I don't need to do the whole La thing. I don't need to do movies. I don't need to act I just love you too. And I was like man, that's that's amazing. Like well, I want to like sea like like what's you know on the other side? Right? Like I had so much enjoyment on YouTube, but I I felt like I felt a sense of like a Harmony sound may not be the best swear by it felt like that. You were going to be able to walk that path and because I was like your quote-unquote brother like best friend at the time. I was like or one of your best friends. I know you know, so I was like, yeah, I get to still like experience it through you. So like if I don't do that, at least I like I know that you get to live that life and I could still like connect with you and be like do so like and so I was able to like confidently go this other direction, right? I didn't mean I didn't know that but I mean, I'd I'm at the time I can't remember what we talked about it and you did seem a little like, I know you're just got tired of being kept in a box. I kind of like you had his Persona online, right? You mean you had a certain person? I mean the same way I did up until very recently where you felt like you couldn't say certain things and you couldn't act a certain way and then you kind of want to get away from that from what I remember at least. I mean there was there was some of that I felt like I had YouTube I was making videos trying to do it with the other things that I was interested in. I was in LA so there is there's a lot of influences right like meeting older actors and I'm getting their perspective and then just seeing you know, I'm a group in Houston as an Asian-American which will have a conversation about cuz you guys are from why but I was always a minority and I was always like Told I can't do things like you I played soccer. So I was always the only Asian kid in and I was I tried out for Club my first year and I was on the E team that's the sound that a b c d e so he is like division 3 or 4. It's like the lowest Division and I didn't even like there was so many kids. I tried out so they're dead. They're basically just group in kids in like, you know that they had their favorite so they put my name be but I was on the ET Mike and I was like, dude, I don't even think they saw me play and I was like the only agency that the trial and you know fast forward 6 years. I'm on the 18 like I'm on a team I built a relationship with trainers that are world-class like when I woke up, but they play professionally in there now training and they were like kept mentioning me and I eventually came on a team and just threw, you know, like proving that I'm not just you know, the sky Asian kids like that needs to be a pic last but but going into like entertainment On YouTube like a lot of my videos were about being Asian-American in like stereotypes in and you know, I grew up in a culture where we were especially Asian men like you masculine it it you know, so so I think wanting to like like as a YouTuber like mine is going up as well. I was growing up and just wanted to Have a presence on on a more traditional platform so that like people are like O Asian Americans. Don't be long in Hollywood are asian-americans. Don't belong on TV or if you're going to be on TV or just going to have to be the quirky best friend or like the chokin asiana's like I'm I'm not cool with that. But but that's that's that's that's cuz you you saw that issue right? And then you just said, you know what I'm going to go do it and that's something that I've always kind of admired about you is when you set your mind to call like that's why you guys finally when you really set your mind something you just do it put us in the same cage. No, honestly Olympiacos be okay correct already a team and I was still practicing like when you want to go into acting you went full-on interacting. I did I loved it and you know, we could like I said we could do a whole podcast about like, you know, just like the crafts YouTube The Craft of Paco being podcast host in finding himself. Like there's a there was there was a process to it that I I really enjoyed. I mean like it would be cool to like talk about another podcast cuz then you can come back and then, you know, bring the video. I mean, you're welcome back anytime. Do you like honestly know if it'll help guess it's interesting. If you don't want people been asking for you, you know, that's great. You're welcome. And after that, I'm after this podcast. Maybe you can try out this YouTube thing. You know me. I told you earlier. I mean you have like a radio voice and you're really good at interviewing people that mean we're not actually a host. So like I mean, you could essentially be happy fun with me and talk with you but in one I'll just tape Paco's job you could do that. I don't need them that I mean he called but he doesn't keep up on Trends and he's not as funny as I am his haircut is wack coming after your lame-ass job, right? What is a dope podcast? I'm just talking about specifically your roll on. Cummins Radio Road, Natick and an on-camera you just like a really likeable and relatable person and I think that's something that a lot of people enjoyed and so to get out of that shell when you went into acting everything did that proved to be something that seems to be a huge obstacle because you were so used to just you know, being you on camera that if it's someone saw you in a different light or in a different role, they're like finally being Typecast. Yeah, that's not that I know I feel you. That's a good question Paco. You did your research. Like that's awesome. I always do my research. That's why you ain't taking my job. I know so I think with with that with acting right like the format is a little bit longer. So if you like play all your cards, You know people are going to like lose interest after while so you kind of have to like internalized a lot of those like, you know, the the Charisma or if you know people don't want like charismatic characters on screen like they do like in the right moments, but like not all the time cause you to be have to be turned on all the time and it's with I was like with Ryan earlier. I was like, you know, I think maybe Kevin just came at a point where I may be a little too early because now they are hiring people who are just like charismatic you just themselves like Kevin Hart Ken Jeong or the rock, you know, these people were truly themselves where if you, you know try to do at the right time and vitamin just like, you know, so like Ken Jeong Kevin Hart I would put them in the comedian Katt. Let me know sometime. I know. Dude, you got to tell him that we're time. I like putting them in categories of factors and the rock is an actor and he's been doing like dramatic and they're all really super high level talented at 1% like you're talking about but just the category, you know, like yeah, like a communion needs to all as well always just like more so bring a certain energy, right? So I mean speaking on that is there any cuz I'm sure if you were going to ask what do you what are your plans? And what do you want to do next? Wow, man? Okay. So you were going to ask ya sure ya know I came on this cuz we were going to get deep and talk about anything that the fans want to hear and you guys want to hear so the question being like what I want to do next. I I've enjoyed as I would say, I've enjoyed having a more private private life. Definitely last, you know half-decade. It's been it's been really tough really challenging. And so if I if I tried to like maintain YouTube and in like do a career at the same time, I think I think I would never want to hear right now. You know, I would probably just like giving up and there were times where I like felt like giving up and and so I just to answer your question in a Broadway like I'm just kind of cultivating myself. And then I feel like at some point there will be a period where I'm like. I'm about to reconnect with with the people that I collaborated with that were part of this community of creators. And also with with the audience subscribers viewers that supported me grew up with me. Like that's the ultimate goal right, but I want to be at a good place before I I do that I make that connection with him like that. Sounds like a comeback. Yeah. I'm not calling it a comeback. I'm just saying I'm trying to work on myself. Yeah, but eventually I mean you'd like to reach back out that audience right? Well, I'm not going to sit here and say I'm just going to like by just chill at home in like I don't care about them. Like I eventually would love to be in that position. But I do like set up maybe I said a pretty high bar like, you know, cuz I see you know this we can I can change the topic but you you see a lot of YouTubers that that they represent. Something my being an influencer and like I just read the New York article with the makeup you guys or the trending curator of the Ya-Ya. So like that's it. That's it. Like a case study for like you have celebrity you have status you have millions and millions and millions of influence and followers. But like are you saying the right things are you being the right person and I feel like There are there are really good Role Models out there that I can like supporting Channel my account of my energy for and until I can like look at myself and back. Okay, I can I can be that role model to on that on that very big public level maybe not anything as close as like the hay day, you know back in a 2010 to 2012 but like even at a small level like yeah, I would love to do that night. I do that. You know, I'm coming on here to talk to you and yeah. My family feels like I've been present, you know, but it's just maybe the the audience on that song on YouTube. There's like a Stephanie like an absence there. And it's it's it's a it's almost like a relationship type of thing where it's that's what it sounds like to me at least where you're like, you know, you're not ready to come back to you just yet. You know you trying to find yourself be secure in yourself and everything and when everything I write yeah, right, you know any relationship relationship we see each other once every three years. Yeah, but you know, I'm I'm dipping. This is like me dipping my toes in and like I said I am doing this because I respect. Ryan and and I'm also like friends with Paco. I don't know my friends. I don't know if you say friends, but no I just I came on here, you know, I couldn't turn down an invitation to be on the show and I actually was like watching the show from back home in Houston was like man to be refunded to reconnect with Ryan and just talked about NBA which is what I requested Paco like rockets shirt. Yeah. Why isn't this the conversation cuz you guys lost? Okay. What's I mean you're going to you're not going to let me hurry up ahead. You never lose. Its a growing. What's up, boy? You're very touchy subject for him. This just happened. He about to decide. Don't make me what am I doing right now? I don't even know what I'm doing, but don't make don't open Pandora's Box, bro. What does nothing you your shirt says clutch City, but it's automatic that y'all going to lose. where What's up, I come with the bars to are we going to start music together and some really cool songs, and I kind of want to know before we go into the she break. How was the collaboration process on that? I mean, I think it stems from the joke of being like. Hey, can we get away with doing something like make a love song Almost about something while being douchey the joke was being douchey essentially but then us getting away with it giving a reason to do it being that were nice guys, cuz we don't I mean we wanted to play the nice guys. We don't want to be actual douches. So is it was a way for us to do those jokes without having to I guess be real douche. It's cuz it's not funny. If you're actually being a douche. It's yeah, I was like a so is Ryan myself and also Chester and he wanted to do a song like you use it as a musician. So he was like like pitching a song ideas. And it was great his creativity was very motivating. And and then he kind of had this hook. He was like and you were just singing it and then and then like when it finally clicked from I give a lot of yeah, I do give credit to Chester for coming up with that kind of hook and then and then because we did shed a tear like it was a lot of circumstances that went into and Ryan has a specific humor where he likes to like be hardcore and my but then like there's some hard to it. So it was a good was a good combination and Shout To Wong Foo cuz like they they started like the Asian be nice guys staying and you're just like a lot of things coming into play and and yeah, I wish we were able to like incorporate more of the communion that but we ended up going shooting the video like this and recorded it right. We thought it was a bigger video, but we didn't think it was going to be like now 00 budget. Let me but back then though like everyone. Like even a decent amount of music because I need some music. It was bigger bigger production for us at the time of you to know. He was really making like back in the content. We knew that if we put that out and get more views back then if you got that kind of views and likes and favorites you would be on the front page. So they just exponentially just boost everything. So, I mean it was you posted that version of your channel. I posted my it was bound to was a little easier to understand that we knew that really methodical about when depose depose how to get divorced and it just yeah just really exploded and yeah, all right. And we're back. How does a nice thank you for a brotto? Thank you. Haven't heard that come from before if you got a high-pitched voice actually wish I had both of your voices. A nice what what is it has are starting to cycle in the face, like boys were it's like but like in a good way, you know, I mean you have a base you voice but it because your nostrils are so big where the sound escapes all three orchesis at the same time. Fake news. That's not how science Works bro. I can smell I just got a lighter Kevin Wendt, but he didn't graduate. Yeah, but he actually yes. I don't know actually. Why are you you lie to your life you lie. More than Trump. You're fake news about your fake news. Well, I did not know you were still at that. I like you. That's the only one I didn't know that you were still going to school though up until now I was I oh I am I'm done. Yeah, you are done. Now took him 10 years. Congratulations. It did take me 10 years on and off and then what did you get your degree in? So it's it's psychology. I finished my last that even a real degree and like I had done so many courses like I would take you riding courses. I've done by pop major so many times and then it was just more of a product of like, what's what's like, what's the most convenient for me to get a degree and it was High-level like science, but for me at the time I I would like wasn't always at at home and I wasn't able to travel to campus like every week so I just been online degree damn. But only those last two years most of my degree was in class, but just last 2 years was online got it. Well, I mean like I was saying the cat got into UC Davis would you get into so I got into a lot of trouble, you know also got it and I didn't even make it to uh, uh more like in Hawaii. That's a good fallback, but I'd feel bad. I don't know what it really means to face very, I didn't get that. Do you still have dreams like About like high school or like maybe not passing the class or nah. Nah. Nah. Nah I do. Yeah, I'm like in school. Like I'm like I have dreams where I'm retaking middle school. And those are like, are you a kid or sometimes? I'm no that's a nightmare more and more like an Asian nightmare negromanosphere. I think well where your parents I mean, I've met your parents, but it was a stereotypically like strict like Asian parents, you know. Do you know regardless of them personally? Yeah, it was just like it's a cultural thing. It was you I don't you wanted to be no me to UC Davis High School guy lies you like my extracurriculars soccer. I don't think I was top 50% balance a very competitive High School National League that I didn't I didn't my grades weren't that good. You should have lead to what 50% of my high school. That's financed. I I mean and then look where you are. I guess I'll still got your degree right you been on this crazy adventure of eat. That is YouTube. Yeah. I know you're in movies did a bunch of stuff and you didn't you didn't need to get straight A's I can still do things my parents still love me. Are you go out there? Are you kids out there doing really poorly in school? We're not encouraging you to that but it's it's possible to make it better do well for apparently up for yourself. Play this is not a human sound so sarcastic. Answer the question that comes from Twitter and it's from Tony stank. So Tony, what's the best / funny memory you have while filming a video with your dad because you said your relationship with him wasn't so stereotypical Asian, you know, so I didn't say that you were they weren't as it was a scary story. Typically Asian box. Really? Okay. Yeah, so then I guess if you could explain, you know, because your dad is very public and is very like, you know Smiley. So I just what was your favorite memory and I what was that like to I'm trying to think of a specific memory but like I mean one comes in mind when when we did like what we hate about each other in like there's this one joke, I like could not stop laughing and he was just talking about might like that eating habits in like where I would like not close my mouth. I would eat loudly and the way he say, it was like he use the examples like, you know when you eat noodles, he's like Manele to go bad impression of my dad, but you can watch the video. He's like you saying but then you just kept saying such a new dog and I've always liked that no one comes to mind. Like you said it seemed like he was having fun and he did it. I don't really know it may seem like he enjoyed that attention, right? Yeah. He he liked me so I didn't have to pay him back her enough give him residual checks. That's you need to him and he just like I might be a little personal to but you have to ask about it publicly and everything but a Eddie ass Please tell us like what happened with the accident in like what are you been up to recently? You know, and I I know we can go like a fool podcast about it because I'm sure that in itself, right? What did you give us a SparkNotes version? You know what the thing that I used a lot in high school? Okay. Yeah, so, you know shout out to Eddie for you know asking the question in for paco2 Segway it by saying it's just a little personal, you know, he's just like it's nice to SparkNotes through trauma it is and I just get the light Quick Glance over at you know, we don't have to go into it. You know, I mean, if you're more relevant we might there there is a video that you want to just be I got you now. Are you going to Major going to make him not all Taco bad? It was it hurt a lot and I was sad and my parents are sad and I had to like walk along way back to get back to health. I mean you I mean this is where it happened in Norco just people okay by myself. I was by myself. And you said you still want me to still hurt you today? Well, yeah. Yeah, I I still have residual pain from you, but you want to talk about pain from you. I know. I know but I need empathy if we're going to talk about it. You know, I mean, it sounds like you know what that you have to deal with a lot consistently and it's always told me that because of the pain it's allowed you to grow, you know obstacles in your life for the things that either cause you to change and adapt for the better or you either like let this toxicity faster in you and you just like our mad at like situations around you and you know, but it seems like you took it in like kind of like made into a positive. I would say I'm living with living with it. Yeah for sure. I wouldn't like this like inspirational ideal Twist on it and say it's like been a positive experience for me, but it's definitely been It's definitely been an obstacle and and part of overcoming those things is going to make you stronger. But but I'm not to focus on on the end result of like coming out of this like stronger in like ready to like to teach the world how to deal with you know, this kind of thing. That would be like, yeah, that would be like down the line. But right now I'm just trying to like, let me know life. What do you have to say on the matter Ryan? Well, I mean, I don't think we should keep you don't want to talk about we have to keep on that. So yeah, I just think it would take longer than that's why I said so we can work more than welcome to come back and see how the views are afraid of you guys can come back ever come back as a moderator. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right. It's so like right now, you know if there's a little bit like you no dissing between us is like friendly competition or whatever, but when you were near the, you know the top of YouTube and stuff and you and Ryan were kind of like like best friend side-by-side. Did you view him as competition though in a way but like, I love humble people. And Ryan's one of us. And so like I think before I met him like there was a lot of YouTube like like they're both Asian in their comedians in and they should like who's better but like once I'm trying that like that stood like evaporate it was like literally gone a lot of a lot of people kind of like all our fans would make us have some kind of beef they would have beef and I compare you know, I mean, you've seen it using the common people just naturally because there wasn't any age. I mean there was Asians but me Kevin I we're at the top of the time so naturally if you were going to compare us because we're both agents and we do comedy skits. And my pletely there was such a big need for like Asian-American like there was enough pie I would say for like the both of us like it wasn't like we're both Paying for the same audience. It was like he's bringing something to eat unique. I'm bringing something unique unless that's just like right right, right or die together was the first time we met at YouTube lie to write it was the first time we did. That's where I told we talked to David cuz that's where I'm at David to show you what I tell them that like the the shirt thing when I was like we were like we're going to go to the event and I like maybe like a backhanded comment about where you were. I know you remember like I remember vaguely but it was like, you know, like influence a big big deal and I was like, you know, you're about to see like all these people in person for the first time like I've been to YouTube events, but it's overwhelming and there's a you take The pictures are you meeting? Lots of people, you know, you're meeting not just like you or subscribers. You also meeting other YouTubers that you follow in like or maybe look up to him not to but you were just so humble that you do like. I'm just going to wear a gray undershirt and like some jeans and let's just go and I was like dude like that, but I remember I remember I remember it like like we're about to go and then I remember Kevin saying you're going to wear that I think the timing was bad, You don't respect what I say about Kev is he say things and even if it's like whether it's funny or people get offended a lot of times. It's not to be mean. It's literally just blunt just honesty. I think a lot of times you say things even if it's overly sarcastic way would you guys are have been doing all day and then you'll be like, oh no, I meant all of it but people really believe that but they were joking. I'd like I'd I didn't I had just met him that day other than what I've seen online. So I took that personally. Oh, yeah, and I remembered everything you told me that this is like two thousand times that 2010 what other stories do you guys have like fun time between each other? It's a lot. What should I do share? Cuz I'm sure there's a lot of like R-rated stories man you guys wearing ytf together sure, which was the first probably the first big like super group on YouTube at the time. So, I mean like what stories do you guys have a GF or just anything but it just between you two that you remember that is always just like what are you looking for? Like He's already looking. What do you willing to share our lives in the same building where North Hollywood? There's so many of them that moved in there, by the way into that building specifically while we were the first though. I know we were nobody else is around. Anyway, we basically lived in the same building. So we'd I mean, there's so many we started almost everyday for like years. So, I mean, it's hard to say one specific thing. I was your favorite consisted thing then about each other we live next to the dance Community to so like, you know, obviously my roommate was Victor his was D-Trix. We were next. Ml Studio like a crew from Houston that I'm fond of so-real Cru was like Brian puspos. They were all like we were in the same Circle and then you had the acoustic singers on my J. I was here two weeks ago. Just so many talented people. So like the consistent thing was like Just being awed by like in our place was like the kind of hang out spot for just all these people to like just kick back Jam sessions were crazy. Like we would just like turn on the camera and do like the spam freestyle or it and then like behind the camera. Like people are like just like I like playing beer pong or something, you know, so like we were just having fun, but I was also like kind of productive cuz like us being together like was I good for our community and just like sharing Talent. So it's like that was consistently pretty cool day. Like we I mean, I got spoiled by that like we're surrounded by like the top dancers in the world at Tops on the top singers in and they would just be like a regular part just be like making up songs on the Spot while people dance to it. Yes, amazing like Oreo you see me Latin freestyle rapping and it's just like all this would happen all the time that I appreciate. As much as I'd like the least we had we had to make skits, cuz we're like here's another good person that what they do and we're just like we would just be filling up space. Did not film that a lot of times the best even fill and we did not carry our responsibility. Only thing that's contributed was like sharing it you were going to be upset and we just came back and he sang just for a little bit like we didn't ask and I forgot how like I said all the time to it back to those one of those parties were like, they're just so much talent where and then there's me to Cafe should have just watching just yeah for two are weird. That's why we were the hosts and we tried to do passenger skits and do whatever we could to fill time because we didn't Jason feeling time. That's how we're going to fill our time. That's how lame we want to do. But but the show was good. Thanks for the rest of the numbers. They were all talented and I were just along for the ride. Were there basically for the meeting greet. That's it. All right, when we got to do our tags at Optical podcast on Twitter at off the radar the way around at off the pill on Twitter at off the pill podcast on Instagram. And then do you have anything that you want to plug I'll come in. I love you, Mom. I'm not going to let all this or not. I know actually my dad. I'll tell him to watch it just so he can hear yourself. Love you. Dad. I love you Dad. Ya homies. Try to Houston personal. Shout out to two people that still like meet me on the street in Like Mike so care about me, you know, that's that's you guys like I wish I knew about it. Maybe next time when it's over but I was I was going to bring up like I don't know. Talk more about basketball but child the Jeremy to still in the playoffs. So I said killing it to premature. He's I mean he's practicing with them. And we don't know what happens behind the doors. Like he's he's practicing with quite he's probably garden garden Kauai in practice. So that Kauai can hit that game when you're welcome and his defense is way better now. You're welcome. Yes, so we are pretty much all we have no other things to plug. Yeah, just exhale on the mic. All right that being said heard about this. Thank you for going to the off the pill podcast. I guess we'll see you next time about also Kevin will be back. We'll see a lot of pressure right now. We're making we're making sure you just described so that you might not even bring me back, but I'm going to bring you back. People aren't some of this podcast. All right. We're going out in 3 2 1 I didn't know there was like a right way to do this the right way, but that was just