This is a surprise visit. I didn't know you didn't even know you're going to be here. I didn't even know I literally just found out and I was like Ryan. I'm going to be living under a rock I play for the Toronto Raptors and we were just playing we just finished in game 6 against the Warriors in San Francisco and we are scheduled to fly back the next morning and then because we won the the NBA Finals, I don't know where they're like. Alright, well, we're going to Vegas for a night and so is that how it usually is though like you guys are just I always thought it was like super like to a point like from this 3:15 to 3:17, you're doing interviews and then you know it is and it isn't I feel like because there's so many variables as it is super flexible. And I mean, that's the one crazy thing is likeI feel like because no one knows we're going to win or lose all the plans are like so up in the air and they were game 5 they had can you bring that up? Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead in game 5 they had the trophy and the champagne and everything like being carded and in because we're up 6 with three minutes left and then the Warriors score 9 straight and they had to like take down all the you know, all the celebrations and you know, bring the trophy back in and then again, it's just everything's on the Fly cuz you don't know what's going to happen in the games. And so after we won or just like we're going to Vegas for a night and then I'm going to go to Toronto after that what I mean that game we didn't see it was like everybody thought it was over like you guys are up 33103 31 and I don't know how much time was left in you guys were up 6 and you're the ball andI'm out was called is La controversy about that. And then yeah, that didn't go your way. You go back to the locker room and you see all the likes celebration things down in time. Yeah, So like when when we celebrate they basically cover like a locker and everything with plastic because there's just so much champagne. So I think they started do that but they were they were also getting ready to set the stuff up on the court, you know, how they build the stage and they bring the trophies and everything and had the presentation so they were getting ready to do that. And then they had to like Rush everything back in because you know, we're using that same time of the come back in and out of the locker room. So yeah, that was that was that was a heartbreaker. What was the everybody just people like all your teammates were they like upset where they quiet everyone was really upset. It was like kind of quiet and every once in awhile someone would you know either either? Yeah.You know throw something or it was it was pretty heartbreaking because the city wanted is so bad and like at home we're at home. But right now he's at like prices ticket prices were so crazy. And so like after we went up 3-1 the next game was in Toronto. So everyone's families were all like we got to be there. So everybody flew in and then everyone bought tickets and everyone had all the stuff plan and no one was expecting or not that we were like downplaying or looking down on on the Warriors is just like I were up 3-1 we're going to plan like we're going to win it and we're going to have everything ready and then we literally it we were like, we're like 3 minutes and the ball like you said and we're feeling good and then it was like what just happened and I think his way that we lost like is because it felt like we were about to celebrate so that was tough. I'm actuallyI love how everyone regrouped for game 6 still like all right, you know we have to believe that we're the better team and we know that we squandered our opportunity but you know, we have another one and so I mean a lot of respect everyone just came. Super ready? I think that's something to like with Kauai. Where is just like he's so consistent and steady where it's like he doesn't really show too much emotion. So it's always just like all right, we're coming back for about an hour. Okay. Yeah, that's that's definitely the the character he puts out there but is he really liked Esquire? Really a fun guy? Oh, yeah. Nah, he's so funny. I mean, I I I don't know if it's real or not. But I think like to me, I just feel like that his character just doing interviews and stuff that we answers questions. So honestly, it's I don't I think that's funny. I think it's not joking though, like whatever whatever answer he gives it's just like very very straight up like he doesn't really seem like somebody who wants to like give up political answer or hands around a topic whatever. He's just very like more so literal but then Off the court. He's so like normal and that's what people don't realize. It's just like he makes jokes, you know, he walks by somebody in there in his way or whatever even if they're not just you know, he'll mess with them Punk Around the chest and keep walking and Emma. He's just there's a side of him that people don't deceive see it like or maybe he's messing with people in interviews and stuff. You know, I think you know that everybody's themselves in front of the camera and I thought maybe trying to be funny but like I just can't picture quiet coming to practice singing or you know, I can I don't know. I mean did you even see that same is he the same person that you see in interviews or is that like all that's he's being interviewed quite right now, but I think that's true for a lot of people might think we all to some degree. It's like inevitable. It's just I think the rare ones aren't you know are the ones that like how you find somebody who is able to yeah, but there's other people who go in the other extreme where it's like when when they get in front of cameras, everything is for show and everything is really full and he's daid turn on another personality, but he now he's definitely like I would describe him as just I think of any friend that you have like any one of your more shy friends, but like still completely really really cool really down-to-earth like you would never think. He's a two-time NBA Finals MVP. You never think he's a superstar just the way he carries himself is like so laid-back. I love it. I mean as a Cali by it was so cool. I like that or something. I think it's I think it's Ocala somewhere. I'm not sure anyone tomorrow's from Compton something about him. What was that? What did you post that because you saw the negativity going towards him? No, actually to be honest. I was blackout for in terms of social media. Yeah. I was only looking anyting I just think for me I gave it was me. And I put that much time into an organisation. I mean it would it would hurt and so for me, I was just like man, he deserves it and in like literally the day after we we got on the plane to come here, I think like two or three guys were wearing, you know his shirt. I saw that and like I think that's like, you know, he's obviously not like yo guys wear my shirt. It's just it's just like you can tell everyone loves him and appreciate him. And so I was like dude was a choice, right? That's why I did it. That's nice of you on that the whole social media side. I don't normally respond to comments and stuff. But like how does he I mean now that you're not on black on your reading comments. Do you see all those memes of people making of you like the ones they're saying, you know, a lot of people are celebrating you and think you're like the first American and be a champion then people are commenting even Asian people surprisingly are like It's not like he played right they have that they're pushing this meme thing saying like something about making the stereotypical Asian joke like Asian in the group who didn't work hard for the Eighth Day or whatever. Like I said, I was just like, I mean, I know how I personally feel about it. But I mean, how do you feel great question I think for me it's not like I like there were times. I can in all honesty there were times when I felt like I had to tell myself I deserve its ridership, you know, because as a competitor who plays in his play my whole life is like I'm not used to not playing until I was kind of just like all this is tough and like do I really deserve it nicer to think about the whole journey and I was like, yeah definitely do that contribute to the team. I played 23 games in the regular season. I played against these guys all the time whether it's in workouts or whatever. And like not only that is just like even watching the game talking to guys or give you my opinion or or whatever, you know being a voice. I think that's like very very valuable and and just in terms of being staying ready and working out I was like I worked really really hard this year and a ton of guys. I just wish people understood just how hard we have to work. Even the guys that never touch the floor because you never know when you get the opportunity. So you literally sleep and do everything like you're going to play. You don't realize I think how much time you put it cuz you'll pull something like we talked about this before you pull something like, you know, you want a game at pubg or something and he will be like, why aren't you practicing practice 8 hours? I don't know how long you guys practice but people will still make that comment because they're like they don't expect you to be a human outside of basketball. Yeah. I mean, that's the difference to it's like the normal job. You can work, you know, whatever like if you I mean, I don't suggest this but if you could work like 12 hours a day, you can visibly yeah, I mean if you're working hard you can really only work 3 to 4 hours a day and that's like probably not healthy. You can't do that everyday, but the thing about basketball is at like You're taking care of your body the other whatever hours that you're awake. So whatever you're eating like all the treatment that you're getting how much you're sleeping everything that there's a whole science behind everything that you're doing. Even for me like on off days. I have to like basically control how much I walk you really cuz it'll have an impact cuz it's just like our bodies are always trying to recover right cuz you know, obviously to 82 Game season, that's not like good for the body. So it's like you're always trying to recovery recovering and ends up being like super. I mean this is literally is is full-time. And so yeah, I mean after the game if I play pubg is like I'm not worried about what people think people really realize to switch it off. People take breaks after they work all day. It's like there's like some people they don't tweet. Hey, I just watched this this movie and I mean popcorn with my family so they can't be like who I want you're acting but Jeremy is like playing games with a little more easy until like it's going to make fun of people put them on a pedestal because they know they can you make this amount of money and you have this minute, you know fan since you're in such a fortunate position. You should be like if I was there I would be working, you know, every single every day without realizing like you're not going to be there for a day, you know, you're going to act like they're your life and it's impossible to keep up that kind of you know, it's almost done healthy right to defeat to be practicing more than you know, recommended. Yeah, I mean Even on a game day. It's like I'm there in the morning because I know like most likely I'm not going to play so every morning I go and get to work out right and then we do that then I come back before the game and honestly for us they have us there if it's like a seven-game where do they are at like you know 3:30 or 4 already working out and then we just work out go through walk through and do a bunch of stuff and then live to do extra conditioning all that and then we watch the game and then if we get a chance we play but again, it's just like Like it's a full day of working out and lay out doing stuff. And so I'm at the other thing too. I was just like man deserve it too because I got here like there is however many there's like, you know billions of people and there's only 450 spots and 13 on the Raptor specifically. Yeah. Well that dress but there's more like a right. But yeah, there's there's including the two way. But yeah, I worked hard to be here. And so I feel like for me it's tough because I can understand what people are saying. I wish that people I don't mind necessarily like if people make the joke of like, oh you didn't do anything, but you got a ring, but I guess the way that They always they always highlight. Oh, you're you're that you're the Asian first Asian who didn't do something that group rod and so I texted me because it's coming from an Asian group that I'm in and I and I see it and I'm just like dude. This is got this guy's done so much for us to make us look cool and you guys are like clown and then I could see maybe other ethnicities cuz you know, they're sick and tired of us supporting each other but I agents are making those jokes and I'm just like NPR obviously defending it to such an easy joke to make and I mean like even when I posted something about like, I think I just tweeted like I was just happy I tagged you and then people I don't normally respond but people are like always but you didn't even play on the team he practices with that like Nick nurse didn't play. What did he not win the championship in the GM in the owner? Like they didn't play but the part of the team in their help. Those are all part of the team that you need to have in order to win. I definitely coming and it's like even with you know, you have the head coach, but then you have the assistant coaches in Psych are they do they do anything or they they weren't talking in the time outs or they weren't doing the interviews or calling the plays argue with the Wrath or whatever but it's again everyone has their role and like there's certain things that just there's so many things that happened in that that's why I think people care so much about like to talk about like having good locker-room guys are good veteran presidents are people who were able to say things at the right time to be able to help the team and like, you know, I'm not saying I'm just perfect whatever but I definitely again I had to struggle with like do I do I really deserve this and it's like the more I thought about was like actually know I do and I shouldn't enjoy and I shouldn't bracelet and I'm not going to like shy away from being able to celebrate that we're like let somebody take that away from me obviously do I wish that like and I think that's the one thing. I meant a lot of a lot of prayers going to go through that. It's like while you're going through the game. A basketball and you're in the middle of your career, whatever it is it Entertainer musician, like people don't always appreciate everything until after and so like hopefully, you know those same Asians that are making fun of me. Hopefully, you know, five years down the road 10 years down the road when like, I'm no longer playing they can actually appreciate be like, oh that's the first Asian-American to ever want it and I can't right now they're just making it because it's a convenient minion meme but like even bills the same dose would happen if you were if you did play like if you did play and you weren't Kauai if you play it if you were like had you know, Danny Green's numbers, right? Like if you can get bad but I mean like he's not the start of the second store roar like a real pal there whatever and then they were articles about you and not quiet. It's kind of like, oh, why are they hiding this guy can do what? You know, he's like why you know, so I mean, I just want to highlight the fact that you even say I understand like, you know what I'm saying, and you understand what they're saying and that you're even reflecting on it and asking her. Do I deserve this is just all the more reason why you deserve it in my opinion. I mean like you work super hard as such a huge accomplishment and Jeremy is a very humble guy that mean he's even here right now like in this tiny room doing a podcast two days after they wanted NBA championship makes no sense to me. I told him yesterday we had dinner and I was like, you know, he said he'd come on the podcast and I was like win today and I was just like you should be like celebrating like that night. He didn't you guys are like a party with Drake Drake flew in and he's with his whole team. But I mean Drake to us, maybe it was it was interested in seeing. I mean, I feel like, you know, he popped in for a little bit and and said hi to everybody but for the most part no one really stuck around at your own celebration party at the celebration. At the celebration will also we had a pre like we had a whole dinner like 9 to 12 with the whole staff. They brought everything long time to be eating. Yeah, but it was also like it was kind of one of those things where you're just so, you know, they brought the trophy and he had the whole staff and was more just everybody hanging out and then like an in the food will come Midway through and there was a ton of different courses in was just kind of like come and go as as you want and still a very Freedom that was like thinking you're joking, but he actually asked to bring the trophy hair person's house. Hey, man, I got to support I know I appreciate it. Thank you again for being here to you about you mention something like, you know about social media and stuff and I kind of wanted to ask you coming from two people on this side who are pretty bad and don't always enjoy every aspect of participating in social media, right? Cuz we suck at posting everything like you personally and like the people around you are you guys are super active and you got enjoy participating in that way. I mean, I know interacting with fans is one thing but you know, like posting photos and stuff like that is a different kind of ball game. I would say no, like I'm not like I'm not the type of person that just like You know, it's not it's not like my default or like oh, yeah. I'm just going to post and I enjoy that for me. It's kind of like I had to like work into that mindset of thinking about it. Sure just because I guess the way that I would post personally is very different than the way that I kind of post, you know as under my actual account and I think you know, there's a lot of things that can be misinterpreted actually if I could I would most or all of my posts would be like jokes and likes making fun of my family and friends like that's who I would be if I wasn't with me Shootin in the spotlight and I've also think just like the the pup like there's just so many things that could be misinterpreted right like might say anything or if I make fun of anybody. It's a headline and it's like, oh you disrespect or whatever. So I think for me I just try to do it more positively because I feel like on social media is just like It's just a man. I know you're very smart in terms of like your answers are like has like I've just been thinking specifically about lately that Kenyon Martin thing and like how brilliant that response was and it was so like it was PR, but I was like smart and I know you could have said some stuff to make it really funny and make it. I mean, I know this is not you but like if I was like going at somebody and you know, you just such a classy smart way. It was just like there's no fight here. I guess just just smart like it. You didn't come at him. But I mean there was a little bit of like a little coming at Kenyon Martin, right? That's like the fine line. I guess that like I was try to walk because I try to I want to be a good role model obviously, you know, my face is very important to me. And so I wanted you to be loving and gracious and everything I do when there's also the other side of just like and I don't think and I used to see them as mutually exclusive. But like you can be loving and gracious and all that and you can also stand up for yourself because I feel like it's specially especially on social media especially being an Asian in the NBA. Like you're just always kind of dealing with certain aspects of of the you know what I mean? Maybe it's not always race or whatever but like there's just a lot of things about my story where it's always been like. Oh, I'm trying to be like, I'm trying to fight for respect and I'm always trying to fight for that respect and I know that's always going to be here because you know for me playing basketball since I get if I have a bad play it's just like it just looks worse highlighted. Yeah because I don't look the part on the other hand if I have a good play. It just looks even better again because I don't look the part. And so I think that's just part of it in. So for me, I was just try to stand up for myself and also like for the things I represent and in really a big part of his like I really want like Asians to be respected and not to be seen. Is just like oh that's just clown on them where that's a convenient joke or like, oh, they're not going to say anything back or whatever. So I just try to do that. And then at the same time do it in a way that's like loving and it's not like I'm so much better than you or whatever. It's just like dude. I just felt like I was laughing judgment and feel like, you know your Chinese tattoos, and I just don't get it. I don't get what you're saying don't know I mean you could look it up but it's the whole when Jeremy had dreads for a little bit. Right and he was called out by one of those martinis to play basketball for the clicker appropriation or something on the lines. And now you've actually been just do it like you did your research like you talk to people, you know beforehand. So it was even more shocking and they started to make that like a thing right and then I mean people can look it up, but I just thought that was It was interesting how you responded like that such a when I read on the nest set to Jeremy s o positive and I'm so like well like almost a PR person but with a little bit of like okay, I got you mean the good thing though. Is he he responded really well too and he and he called me and then we talked it out and let you know for him. I think that that's kind of what I was going to highlighting heat. You know, he kind of said like hey, I actually meant it much more than a joking way, but it was like super blown out of proportion in the way. I didn't expect and I think the thing that really made me sad to was like then people started going at him and being like recent for Tim and I was just like ya and I'll just like that's not really what anybody wanted. But but then you know when I got hurt I tore my patellar tendon not long after and he was one of the guys that called me and I mean, I was just like that's going to let that's what you and I got a lot of respect for 14 and 1/2 mean by when you the way you approach this from Stop getting blown out the words exactly like that. Right? I don't get paid just to talk about you guys. That's why every little thing you do is under a microscope ridiculous. I'm going to make sense if you were interested in you that's what you guys get paid because so many people watching but they don't realize like you're not you're still humans, right? And it's it sounds really obvious. But it's you're not you're not treated that way, right? Yeah. I think that's like people don't people forget that right people always forget that and then when they actually like get in a place where they're getting criticized and that's what what happens all the time the fans like they'll say a bunch of stuff in and if it if you know at the actual response and in the hole, like Legion of fans go back to them, they like delete that we do I block their account. They like, you know, it's just like they don't realize that when I texted you in that seat, is there a different which is why for me again, like I'm not like huge in terms of like like when I'm done playing and stuff. I don't know what my social media, you know activity will look like but right now like I just want to be pause Live on social media where it's just I can actually I thought we talked about this and it's like I respect that like Ryan always talks about like man. I want I just want social media to be more positive to be more uplifting. Like, how can we help me? Bring that? How can we do that? And I think that's like I'm right. I totally agree. It's just like all these kids are looking up to us and everybody else and if we highlight certain things like roasting people or whatever, it's just like that's what they're going to grow up thinking his right and doing and then like whatever they do on social media will eventually trickle into town and what they do in their lives and it's just like that's not the pasta or the example that we want to say. Yeah. This is serious. It's like really insightful and that you've been thinking about that. But I mean you no going back to you guys being highlighted on everything. I mean every little thing you guys do I mean, I watch all those shows at First Take Undisputed. I watch all the shows to see what people are saying and I can understand why people think a certain way based on what they watch if I didn't know you personally like I had a different perspective from compared to many San Antonio fans when Qui, you know, when to you know, ask to be traded and even the whole situation going to State at first. I was just like what dude like how you going to let me know I was like the same thing that all the narratives are being pushed. I never really saw it until I knew you knew you at the time, but if I didn't know you all the same things everybody else, but then just knowing you and you're an NBA player is just like, oh man, these are like humans and it makes you think 11 more like there's so much more behind the scenes of people don't know about. I mean obviously don't have to go into detail about that. But there's a lot of things that people don't know basically, I mean this and that's the clock that's exactly why is it like for me? I can't read everyone's comments. It's just like Hard because I'm giving him space in my mind and I'm I'm letting their words actually like influence me when it's like you don't actually understand. It's like it's hilarious because you can play a game and if you go online and people be like be more aggressive and then it's like okay, but I also would like I just called and got called in by my coach and was he was like, I really need you to you know, I'm just running example. I'm like, I guess a true example from a time in my career in a second though. I need you to I need you to like look for your teammates first and you know, you can get your shot and you'll score when you're going to score but sometimes like your teammates struggle so you got set them up first. And so you're kind of doing that and then all the sudden it's like, oh he's so passive. Right? Right and then like you kind of what you can go on the other end and you can be more aggressive or whatever and then like the coach may be like, hey know is I I know that you can score but that's not what I need from you right now at this moment and so, you know, there's always liked and if they are can't come out and say that when they didn't call. Hang Li Como, coach told me that my teammates can't like create their own shot. So I had to create a for them and make sure that they get going and try to give me a call please and then like whenever you know, when when the offense dries up, then it's time for me to you know, be more aggressive and it's like you can't explain everything feels like I'm not going to try and so it's just it's just funny because it doesn't really like there will be a side. That's like Oh, no, you're not doing it. Right you could be like doing this podcast in there like dude Ryan like your your your your questions are too serious. And if you go on the other hand and you make it light hard and then someone who is a joke is a podcast about that and I don't like it happened regardless stand up for yourself. Like you said you're throwing someone under the bus or I mean because it's like that's not what professionals are supposed to do. We could do that. I could stand up for my stomach a whole another video and talk about it, but you don't Platform that is talking about you. It's a little bit different scenario. We just have to get used to being misunderstood like and I were just constantly being misunderstood and that were okay with it. And and that's why the biggest that do you think it's just not to know when you're being misunderstood and how you're being misunderstood? It's just like don't look at it and just keep working hard keep doing your thing literally tunnel vision right now. And I think that's when I went when we get to that point. Like when I do that, it's just like I'm still logged in on what I need to be and do and what my team needs from me is just like I don't really care but you know what, I mean for the average person to take that advice. I think it's tough because you don't go through it like you had to go through it and get to a certain point in your life or like I need to come up with this current. Mine said that you have to be able to function right cuz I'm not going to bother you. It's going to stretch. I'm sure trade stressed me out beginning but you find ways to cope. Man, I mean for me so I was always an underdog which means like you don't have criticism. You have expectations. I was always surprising people my whole life like always better than I know you better than that end in New York have been all mine. Where did this guy come from? And then all the sudden overnight switch, right? And I remember going to the rockets in the way that the Rockets fans like they would kill me in and I doubt the first time for me where I was just like receiving so much criticism, and I was just like I really sure what I had. I had a really like bad anxiety on their times after games where I couldn't sleep and like it was just like a gut-wrenching feeling and I had to end it and it was one of the best things to happen to me cuz I had to go through that to realize like the approval of people just doesn't really mean anything because you know, you play what a day you don't tomorrow like they're going to come and go and soon at the end of day like even when things are great and you win like there's you know, they're still going to be haters. Like there's always going to be haters and so has for me is like is not fulfilling to like be approved by people anymore. I actually don't it's just not right and I think you understand that too for sure. It's because like if you're just driven by like what everyone else says about you, you're you don't actually you're not actually yourself. You don't actually have like a foundation. So that's where my faith came in and I was just like look like as long as God is honesty proud of me, which again goes back to kind of your first question here is like, hay like the whole thing about like the championship is like dude. I know how hard I worked and I know like the way I prepared and I know the way I cheered for my teammates when I didn't have to or the way that I tried to give advice or the whatever it is, like all the way down all the way down. The road is like I know that I did everything in my power to be ready and to be the best player and there was no actual evidence of that on the court. Unfortunately in the finals I didn't get to play but it's like Do no one can take that away from me that I did things right way and no one will know right and no one will see it but that's okay got like for me to take as long as God approves of that. I am very very happy inside and that is not an easy place to get to you had to go through the bumps and the bruises and the criticism and all of that right to finally kind of get you know in this was something that like when you hold onto something and you love it so much like It's not always easy to let go and that's a big part of like faithful music learning to let go of things that I really really care about like like being liked by people like, you know, there are parts of me that I always liked hurt because it's like man while I was playing this whole time. I was always like this is what this is a narrative on me or what does this will always be people are always saying in like there's a part of me that just now is just like he had I'd let that go. Well. I mean, like I said, you have to get to the reason why I think it's hard for a lot of people really is good. They don't go through it. Right you go through it and then you have to get to a point where you're desperate to like get out of it that mindset so you come up with like, okay, you really start to think and a little deeper than just you know, how you're feeling currently and I guess I'm in a lot of cops and downs, right? I just think it got springboard it because New York was such a big up. Yeah. It just seems so extreme everything so extreme. I remember you just be in the car for like 5 minutes or something and people going crazy for you. Every shot. You think it is a missed it we're going crazy all the time New York happens if you're still going crazy, but like in in Houston, it's just like, oh he misses to three shots in a row. It's all of us and all Asians can't play because of all the hype and I think the same thing is happening right now. It's like so many Asian people are celebrating cuz he's you know, the first Asian American to win a championship. So many people are celebrating it so much that people are like trying to bring it like match that energy and like bring you back down. Yeah. Yeah, right. Let me who in our world today like who is really really great at what they do and doesn't have that exactly exactly what you said. It's like the more that people love you there will always you always have that larger group that like like like the more that more people like you you will have a group of people that spring up that really don't like you and Mike. It on you and it's like. Because they're kind of tired of hearing about how good you are and I think that's like a bit. I mean that's that's that's everybody right even like MJ when he was playing or or all these at great player just like there's always that even LeBron now or or Katie or whatever his are taught in a lot of the top players, you know, Kauai has gone through a lot of criticism to with everything and in so, I mean it comes with the territory, but at the end of day we still get the hoop for a living and yeah, you can't you can't you can't take that away from us in and we can't complain. There you go with that being said we're going to do a quick she she break and we'll be right back. And we're back. We're back from the break. I'm taking over the office Show podcast. This is Ryan's like dream come true to have a sports podcast. I know I don't know. I'm just sitting here like, you know, so, you know a little bit about the Kawhi trade a little bit but it's fun to see you how excited you are to ask him about sports questions cuz I never get to do this but I literally took a picture of like your your picture of this wall. I like it. I love how you designed it listening on this like we're talking about for one like your offseason got cut like your vacation for good reason. There's less time to do stuff. You still ignore me as I mean, you're like you said you have to you have to force yourself to take breaks. I know I'm sure not all players are like that and have to call him out. But that's true right now all players work like I mean, I only know you right I don't know other NBA players, but you work constantly like offseason every single day. Pretty much is that common for every NBA player or I would say on a team of 15. you'll have like You have I don't know they're there aren't that many that are just straight-up lazy like I don't care. I don't be there. Yeah, I think what we what you see is there are people that are maybe more loose. I think they may, you know, they work when they need to but they don't you know, they don't do anything above or extra or they might not like live the healthiest lifestyle or take care of how they eat or whatever and you'll have like a group of you know, a smaller group of that and then you have like that middle group where it's just like definitely, you know professional and they do the right thing and they're there every day and they're consistent and then you have a smaller group again. I mean, I guess it's like kind of like a curved right? So it's like you'll have less Asian ass in the more people be grouped in the middle. But and then you have that hire extreme. I mean that hire group but less people were just like they work really really hard and they work too hard and you know, I think that's just pretty typical for each team, but it is something that yourself there. So you're an A+. So I wouldn't say I'm just trying to see where it like that cuz I know you're kind of workout schedule and how often you train and even offseason right? How short your break is. Is that where would you put yourself? I mean, I think I'm like, I am extreme in in hard work like heart really really hard but not like not in a good way like unhealthy and this is sunset. I've always battled for my whole career and like now I feel like over the last few years. I've gotten much much better at and ins on know where I went yesterday because you know, you kind of talk about it as well and it's like We want to be great at what we do we don't take her opportunity for granted. But for me, there's definitely not an element of like I can go too far in the extreme and it'll it'll hurt me in the long run. It would hurt me the short term in the long run you get burnt out, you know, your body doesn't recover whatever and so you know for me this past year and then actually the last two to three years I've changed so many different things and I've and I've just put more of a premium on rest and recovery and I literally have to like write in rules for myself. Otherwise, I don't follow them right like it I had to say every x amount of days you take this date, you know, you had to take that day off. I have to plan out my off days in advance. Otherwise, I would refuse to take them like and I got some for you. I mean you can talk about it too cuz Literally, you're so busy. You're so busy and I will come out and you like I got to work on this video to work on that video and the amount and that's the thing that people don't see to is like to be great at what you do to be great at anything. There's so many areas like hundreds of errors that you can separate yourself in a good direction or like in a bad Direction and like the accumulation of all those decisions is what makes somebody great is if they are consistently went into small wins in the small battles. I mean that something for you to is like do you work so hard you put so much thought into your craft. I mean you can talk about it to what I want to do it back if I want to ask more questions. So that's what you because I actually talked to her like I I know Ryan personally, but then I know that he would never say this on his own think that's why I was like you actually want you to share but yeah, I think you have so much Insight that like you and your own fans on here because you're not going to sit here in like to your own horn, but not now I'm going to make you a small battles Ryan comes up with like a hundred ideas. And he picks like maybe one of them and it's just like filtering through those ones until that one is perfect and he's happy with it. And if I have a 100 ideas, do you know how long like how you know how much how much brain power goes into all those different ideas and then he threw them I mean, that's why I bring it up though. It would help people like when I say that, you know, we what we didn't say. Yeah, but you know, you've been forcing yourself as have I try and take breaks cuz it's almost like it's almost better for you. Right and then this offseason is a little shorter for you, which is why I was saying like I was going to bring up your other passion that I didn't even know about that you want to do I just think it's interesting like I did I mean other than playing games. You're also passionate about food. I love I love eating. Just eating your like you're legit passionate. You study it you like look up cook books and stuff, right? Yeah. I do a good amount of research on food. And then like, I love cooking. I think a lot of it is nutrition to like I have to eat healthy. I love how can I eat a ton when I'm working out like I'm reading light much he weigh more than a normal human being like I still remember the times you were in Houston and we went to dinner and Me cast you and I J Larsen barbecue dish and then I think it was Parsons He has like you'll he also ordered that he's a big guy but like Jeremy's not nearly as tall as him and I was just shocked I was like, this is normal like this is one meal three, like huge plates of food. I get it makes sense with how much calories are burned. That's how I got into it and healthy as well learn about it be able to control the process and then also find other spots it and then I just began to see it more as art right like he's like he is like when it when an eye and that's the thing is like I travel so much and I go to see Different cities in a in an across the world to have gone to so many different countries and I see food and it's like now at this point. It's like I'm looking for a really unique experiences. So if I go to your restaurant, I want to find something that I can find another place it and like it could be like something as simple as a burger or you know, chicken wings or whatever but it's like what makes it different what makes it unique. And so that's the thing. I love is finding those type of hidden gems. And what I've also realize is a lot of times what everyone else says, it's good. I mean it is probably is good. But a lot of times like I don't always agree with just what the the most hyped spot right and I think there's a lot of fun in finding like hidden gems as well as pitching for you to a show. You should do it true that when you have time to do it, but it all stemmed from forcing yourself to take breaks Netflix. Don't be sick while he's D. Jeremy's off the pill podcast her until. All right. I see me. I didn't think about this before but after so many good things that you shared with me that my car you got to tell the world. I mean, all right, maybe we'll start with like what do you want? What do you want your legacy to be like 10 minutes 15 minutes behind like what you're doing, but also like all I want to try to get into like even the way that when you talk about like the jokes that you or whatever it's just like there's so much there's so much thought that goes behind and I want people to see it. I mean, well right now I mean did the whole reason I start the podcast was like it like I said to you like I do and I've said it before I can just kind of version of me taking a break cuz before it was like, you know, it was every single day people don't see it because I like will said I'm thinking hundreds of ideas and maybe not literally hundreds more like a bunch of different ideas and mow some get scrapped and I guess It's not really Legacy by the reason why most of them don't make it even though I know it could easily I could just make something and post it. It's more for me. It's more me like feeling it is not if I'm not doing something new. I feel like a joke is something to simmer. To what I've done or it has no real meaning. It's just funny that is not interesting to me. If you can incorporate some kind of message at like makes people feel something and learn take something from it. Then Mexican videos. I like making not a lot of them that all the ones I do but that's the reason why it takes me so long to post because I'm not always trying to find that sounds like a high-tech chasing that high of like when it's it. I don't know how to describe a feeling but like once you're when you're writing it and you find that perfect ending that will make someone feel something and I if I can feel it. I know some other people will because I basically don't get that feeling when you can like shock yourself like all that lines up perfectly or whatever it is and to get that feeling It's it gets harder and harder cuz you got a top yourself. It's like a drug right? It's like you keep doing it and then it becomes nothing numbness and then you got to talk to yourself and a certain point you're going to burn out. So that's why I guess it's I guess I don't know if it's answering question of Legacy, but I wanted to do something that create any kind of continents knew that kind of makes people feel something I guess. All right, and then I just talked a little bit about when you say like, it makes people feel something like describe that because I know that you know, I guess the type of impact because it's not just you don't want people just to let you know there's a certain thing that you know, there's a direction that you want to go right with the fact that you want to make I mean, obviously there's I mean certain videos though. I do think they're not necessary the best messages. They're not even try to make a message but it is the feeling of To get anybody this way. I described it to people like a lot of times people say movies are bad. But like whether it's peeling afraid or laughing or if you can get someone to have a real emotion, I think that's that's powerful and it's hard to do, you know for I think some people don't think about that but it's really hard to get somebody feel something and you know walk away from a good movie for the man. I kind of had a rethink my might like my life my mindset a little bit because of a movie that's always to go with every video but the specific message. I think there's there's a ton a lot of times it's based on I mean, it is based on positivity, but I do in a way that's not I tried to run away that's not cheesy. So like for example of the messages always tried to push right is a simple looks like generic thing which is going to just be nicer to people but I won't say that because it's you know, everybody we've heard that all our lives growing up. I would say treat people like they're dying, right cuz if a guy spilled coffee on your shoes, and you know, if you having a bad day going to yell at you can't be mad at people, you know, I've seen people get mad, but if that person still has on their shoes and their ball and it looks like they're like an ogre old like sick and not going to let that person you can just be like, you know, what is fine dude. I like that's that's basically how I would like to send a message in a way. That's different since I mean, that makes sense. I mean, can you also talk about like just the The part where like, you know, all the people that you have supporting you and helping you from a day-to-day basis and just like the pressure of because you know, there's always people behind the scenes and that's the thing that you know, not everybody sees his like whenever there's someone in the spotlight and they have to do a lot of things and there's a lot that goes into that branders. So there's you know, 10 20 people behind the scenes at our building that for them. Can you talk with a pressure that in the way that like how you try to be because we've seen so many people that like don't treat those people well, but the way that you like actually that's why I kind of like talking to you about it when we do sit down like away from the cameras is like talking about that pressure because you try to care for them in ways that like, I'm sure they don't even know it's just like but you put it on yourself to you know, make sure everything is great for for them and make sure you could questions and this is something like I mean You know for sure we can talk about it. Like there is a lot of people don't see that stuff. Right and especially if it's like, you know, like I'm worried with a whale or like some of the guys and you did my mom helps like it's a different Dynamic than like working at some like a corporate job. Right? I think there is more of a pressure too because you feel like you need to I can just say I quit cuz if you quit, you know, a lot of people in the back of their heads, even if they're not going to quit they can have that in the back of their heads, but there's and there's no guilt. Is there a party organization whatever if you we were to quit our jobs it affects a lot of people right? So I think naturally even if you're not doing as well, it's still affecting others, and I think there's a lot of pressure there and I think even that goes kind of back to I guess in the hole. The whole point of like saying like taking rest for yourself and I'm doing that. I think I've learned that you have to think about yourself more did really help even other people around you right? Cuz if you're not taking care of yourself, you eventually become unable to take care of a my case you burn out and then it's like well if I didn't I should have took those brakes because I'm going to fail and if I feel you're actually not helping his other people you're not doing him any favors, right? And I think Yeah, I mean I I I don't know how that relates to what kind of alcoholic relates to other people but I'm sure another scenario is that but that's the point the point is that in everything you do is special on camera. It's like you're always trying to think about like, how can you send a certain word? Like how can you write create a positive impact in your always thinking about other people and it's like that concept of always thinking about other people. If you do that too much you end up getting to a place where you are no longer able to do that, but that's what people don't always seems like they see your videos and they're just like it's so easy. You just sit at home and make funny jokes or you just you know, whatever you make podcasr, you know, you just make home videos or whatever. It's like a very easy to just say sew a blanket statement like that, you know, and it's just like at the end of day. It's like you are So highly subscribe you're so popular. Like I can't go anywhere if there's any way you'd like to see it and I cannot tell you how many people are like, can you call Ryan for me are you know all that's a little like you do any basketball camps and everything is like the kids literally like oh this is happening for sure multiple times. Like I I know you I know you play basketball, but I heard your friends with a childlike absolutely loves like in the parents watch the video is now write the parents are watching a video and I'm like dude that's amazing. But again, that's all the thing. That's like, you're always thinking about other people and that's like again very admirable in like you're never going to say it. That's why that's why I might I get to say now everybody see the side that I mean. You're saying things that the public doesn't get to see you as well something about how you you asked about how you so often see people treating the people under them like kind of poorly just because you know, there's like there's a dynamic of like someone that's a working above you and then there's employees under you but for Ryan like it's always been like he's friends with everybody like we're all friends and he's very good at it. Just like how you would you might have one friend that you can joke around with and one friend. You can be serious with and one friend. He can do a little bit of both and look like when it comes to like the work side. I feel like what I've witnessed before with Ryan is he's good at it. I like treating people like how they how you would a spelled different friend that you can talk to write. So it's like he's not going to treat everyone in a blanket way. He's not going to give everyone this blanket answered. So like if someone if he if he can read that's all it's going to do like a little bit of a hard time. He can kind of you know, like it's it's like that the extra step that someone who is in like a position of like a boss whatever goes to you know, I mean to like almost like cater his responses and how he treats people in those positions. That's like my, you know, my perspective of it and it means, and that's actually I mean, I guess that makes sense now, it's like okay why you know, how do we use that to encourage other people? It's like I mean not just different leadership position was just taking the time to get to know people to know what they need. What you think they need? Right and I think that's like everybody is different and it's like what motivates somebody is different and sometimes it's like if you walk by a homeless person and you just like, oh, you know, here's here's a 50 Cent but what happens if what they want is, you know, maybe they need they want to eat at that restaurant but you know where to get food from that certain spot, but that they won't let sometimes you know stores won't will not let them come in and buy food in or maybe sometimes they actually don't need any of that sometimes maybe they just need like someone to sit down and just see how they're doing and just have a conversation for 5 minutes, but it's like if you don't take the time to know what the people around you need, then you actually can't serve them the way that they need to be served or like you can't leave them the way that they need to be let to take that time and there's a constant selflessness that Have to always be thinking about like, okay, I'm picking up on learning about these other people and I'm not so immersed in my own stuff and always think about myself like I can think I can read I can you know, and that's basically what you're saying is like dude, there's times where like he can talk to me about something but that won't work for somebody else but he understands a different. Yeah. Absolutely. I mean that definitely is it helpful in every scenario, right? Even if you're like just talking to family members or whatever it is. Just just being able to see things from a different perspective. I think it's very helpful to not just like assume you're always right and if one way of thinking I think in other people's shoes is really hard to do honestly. Yeah. I mean, I mean we talked about yesterday to is there is like one thing that you could say to like all the people that have a senior content, but I'm not saying like, oh say I think you say, oh, thank you so much. I meant like if there's one thing that you were like man, like I feel really strongly about this and I feel like I just need to say this it could be about anyting wished. You know, like oh man. I wish that player would say that start can't answer a lot of things. There's so many times where like you think like man. I just wish I could say that but I just want to like Packers at the right way around I want to find the right time to do it or the right way 2 minutes to say I can in the opportunity comes and goes or you don't ever never comes and you just kind of like you don't say it's that's one of my cartwheel. What's what's one thing that you would say in general? My podcast questions like right now. Like I said, she was talking as I can. I can only imagine what questions you would come up with you thought about You Don't Own Me. I mean I used to sometimes fly out to make a game or something. We talk in here and there but like because we are only really text a lot sometimes call but I only see you usually once a year. I always traveling and stuff like that and we we go through this like the Deep stuff all the time. I think like maybe one thing that I've been learning as I get older and I said I said this run yesterday too and maybe that's something that I think would be cool to share as like as I get older and older. I just realize that time is not unlimited life is not guaranteed and like oftentimes like me and Ryan were younger it would just be like to let's get together and see their like film a funny video Let's eat and looks like Game and we were just like play games and then I was out as we get older. It's like I definitely want to save time to do all that stuff. But I also want to like be intentional about having deeper conversation and Mike get to some of the stuff that like, you know, cuz there's things that we've talked about where I was like, oh wow, like I never envisioned us getting to that point where we like actually at talking about that and it's like that's one thing that I would encourage everybody and tell him I'm challenging myself with now then when I get the opportunity to sit down with people, it's like not I'll just be on your phone. Don't just like casually waste that time or like you can spend some times you can live with a roommate and like you're not even realize it but I'd like to three months like you haven't really gotten it like what is how do you really doing her? Like what's he struggling with her? What are you struggling with her? How can you support each other as friends are as brothers or sisters? Like I said that like like breath like Bros or like, you know metaphorical sisters or whatever. It's just like, how do you how do you get to that next level of like caring for your friend? Maybe that's something that that's What is that because I was thought like from me I think culturally I think I don't know if it's a Asian thing or not. But like my parents, you know, we weren't open about talking in those kind of things. I know that a lot of people parents who are but I just never even with my brother. I don't share that kind of stuff. I know you guys are closer. But like I don't know if it's a agent thing or not, but I feel like coach really you don't really like for us. We usually it's it's almost the opposite. Is it going to keep your own dirt to your sister or whatever and it agree that some of these is a cultural and I think some of these just like among all among all groups were just like they're just taboo certain things and sometimes it's like all it takes is a push. It's not even like there's a small wall but it can easily be knocked over if all you did was be like a man never ask you this but like you know, whatever. How are you? Are you like how you really doing? Are you pretty like, are you really fulfilled and what you're doing every day or in your work with are like sometimes that's all it takes is a little push and then it's like all the sudden it's like man, the guy had sore girl has so many things to share and it's like just because no one's ever pushed her or like gone to that territory. They've never really had the opportunity to share. Well, there's your answer to go in just be real with someone like that one too. I picked that one. I like the thing about no phone. So I think that's like a pretty important relative to the times as well as like, I mean, everyone always says that like, you know, try to be in the moment of my death is a lot easier said than done especially nowadays, you know, what's so many things going on and it's all at the you know in your hand and I definitely like really with that pretty and that's it. That's a rule that I put in now to my Two and a half months ago is like from now on I have no phones at mealtime unless I really have to select sometimes. It's a check because of the maker some was okay, or I'm planning my car after like there's certain things like we have a ride or whatever like we're checking the time but like for the most part, it's like skin off your phone man. Yeah be present with people that you're around your turn. I'm just going to use your answer cuz I got a really good we bought the tickets. I just reiterated that ain't even come up with anything. I know man. I mean, I agree with that point and it's still relatively New Concept for me. You know, we were talking about it. Like I've been forcing myself, I guess to like, you know, it's just it's easy to say when someone is like hey, how you doing? I'm fine. Like it's easier if you just got to push at it, I guess and just be open to just being open right? I don't want to take yours, but I mean one thing to say to everybody. I think this the same thing I pushed a long time ago and it's literally like finding out if it sounds cheesy but it's finding out. You know, what you truly truly makes you happy versus what you think will make you happy and I feel like it's I've gotten to a point where I didn't I always thought like all I want to create good content or whatever and then I didn't realize you know, how long the journey on the back of my head. I'm still thinking like a part of me is like, well, I have to make a ton of money or have to get to a certain level of Fame but you don't really realize and some people may be some people do but I didn't realize you don't realize it for me. I didn't realize it until you kind of get to that point get to the point where you make more money than you ever thought you would or you make are you get become more famous than you ever thought you weren't even more popular whatever it is and until you get that and then you kind of realize or that's it, you know, then that's not your angle and until you at I think that you don't have to go through that right, but I think for me that was almost like a depression Point realizing why what Can't be happy with this and what's going to make me happy to know that coming to that realization of like okay, I always said this is my what I would say is that so it's it makes me happy to create this kind of content. But really I was like thinking about you know other things as well and until you really have those things and realize now, it's it really isn't everything. Right and they issue is I know a lot of people but I mean I'd like I'm just being completely honest. I think you need to find out and it's easier said than done what truly makes you happy cuz people can be happy with none of those things. Right? And that's what we wanted about it. I mean going through that linsanity stretch. I've always kind of said like hey, there's an emptiness about it. When is it was happy like those happy circumstantially was awesome. And I was I was loving it, but I also knew that it wasn't enough like I was still like empty and turn from him for filming sample, and I think that's like You don't always understand it until you have to get there and it's like you could tell a kid like hey, you know that things really hot. Don't touch it, but it's not until they actually like it and then they're like well, like I know it's in so I mean, I definitely agree with that and I think that's like, I'm sorry. I'm going to just piggyback off of that too. Because you just reminded me of something else have to enjoy where you at you're at and enjoy the journey and the moment of where you're at right now, even if it's not where you want to be and also like knowing that like what you're saying is that is even saying like even when you do get a lot of what you think it is like it won't always be what you like as fulfilling as you thought it was and I think that's what you're talking about is like and that's how we're all evolving and figuring out and that's where you had a great conversation. That's for me like always why I kind of go back to my face and turns are just like grounding me and giving me like some in his purpose and hope but like that's why I going back to the full circle with your whole thing about the champion. It's like I'm going to enjoy it because one I don't know if I'm ever going to be back here and to like yeah, obviously, I wish I could have played and played more and played well and whatever but like I'm going to enjoy where I'm at in in like I'm going to enjoy everything about it. Even if it's not Picture Perfect opportunities and he's like moments in like these years and you realize at the end of your like man wear it all go like I could go back. I wish I could just slow down really stoked that in an embrace. It only scary part is like I said, I don't have it figured out. The only scary part is do you think having that mindset growing up? Would you have pushed yourself? You know because unhappy people Hugo one or the other you either so you like get through it. Right? Would you push yourself as hard as you did, you know because you weren't satisfied with where you were I met at a question and that's a great question because I used again. I used to think those things were mutually exclusive but now it's like I don't actually think like Because I can tell you right now I'm and you can talk to my trainer. I've literally like I'm so excited for next season. I'm so motivated for next season because like I have so much fire and drive inside of me. I went through two straight years of injury and then I had this first year where I just you know, things weren't as great as I wanted to be. I didn't play that well, but and then I thought about was like man, that's true for everyone who comes off if I can major injuries like that first year is tough, but that second year and then so for me, it's like I have so much like motivation and excitement is like man. I want to be great. I want to be better. I know the ways I need to be better. I know how to you know, rebuild my body. I went through the rough part of recovering from the injury. But at the same time I'm completely like embracing and enjoying where I'm at right now. Another way of what I'm not in a good spot, but I got to make myself be happy about it. We're trying to say that there's a balance that right. Yeah, and it's like I'm not going to let anybody take this moment away from me, but I'm not going to work any less hard than I would have been so that work ethic will stay the same, but I'll also be much more staying in my and that's why it's whatever it's just to me. I'm just going to place where I just like, I'm loving life. I want to be around my friends like and like in an equally like super excited to be like, I literally don't want to take a vacation. I know that's super unhealthy, so I'm going to you know get fat for 2 weeks, but like, you know, you can be both at the same time. And with that very great advice from Jeremy and all the great question. You need to catch a flight to Toronto. I got to go. When is the parade the parade is Monday Monday and it is Saturday right now situated and get to get this. All right. I mean I'm going to say it. I want it. I want to Jeremy Lin podcast. You got good questions. You got insightful answering. So I think we're both able to lead a podcast that be fun into sports to surprise you if there was a game 7 and go out there and then we look to the ticket prices for the calls. Crazy again. Thank you so much for Jeremy Lin to be for being here on podcast. We have to get him to the airport real quick. So we're going to close this out. You can follow off the pill out on Twitter off to hakkasan Instagram find Jeremy at jaylin's 777 Twitter or your Instagram, whatever and by the way, I'm not even joking. This is really really good. Thank you is my first time I came over this is really really good. It's like I described it as like that. Yes, ninja milk is actually drinking it and makes us look good. So ninja milk.com with that being said, I will talk to you next by caste again who is all we end up just breathe into the mic in 3 2 1 Your pro dude, that's what happens when you're a professional piece.