Does low today again last? It's a little less awkward know how do people normally do those. Yeah, maybe we'll see where I don't want to say that I want to give away your location on the way from Montana that I just learned recently that you're actually part Hawaiian. Yeah. Yeah. This is from the I dare you we did. Ya Japanese a Filipino and then a bunch of white lie, very rough sort of my family speaks. So I'm really rusty. And also I grew up in Okinawa which is more like hillbilly Japanese, but I know I need to get that you also speak pidgin now, I guess I don't really count it. I think I just don't count that. That's okay. Well, I mean we are also talking about you just went when did you release your music video of my first one came out in May so you are I don't know. If I don't know if I should we talked off camera about all your music videos coming up. I don't know if you want to talk about you and I've been really saying what a month and I'm currently working on my second. That is a lot for people that don't know that's a lot of work for people who don't know and you start off on YouTube and then I started doing YouTube simultaneously because my brother actually showed me one of your videos even Natalie Tran and he was like look at these people. Yeah climbing with her. No. No, I was like, oh cuz it when you start stand-up you're doing it in like laundromats are coffee shops and people are very annoyed that you're trying to talk to them. And I was like, oh I can voluntarily like click on a video. I want to watch like I'll do that as well like so I don't feel like I'm harassing people all the time. And so I sort of really fell in love with communitychannel and you and happy slip and was like, oh, I love the format that these people are doing and so I On YouTube as well. How how long were you doing stand-up comedy? I just recently quit to transition to music and I had to wait outside of the comedy clubs till it was my turn to go onstage be escorted onto staging to be escorted out of cuz I feel like I don't know if you guys have experienced this but when you two came around I was like, oh this is the only place I see other Asian people doing anything like comedy lifestyle Beauty anything at all, and I was like, this is so cool. Like I had never seen like Michelle Phan watching her videos I call that's how I like to make up for my eyes. Like I've been falling all these other tutorials that were wrong for my eye shape. And so I feel like Perfect Asian eyes, I guess when you put on my podcast ago and after the pocket, she did stuff to our faces. I put stuff on us. I don't know why exactly we're just hanging out. And then what is it called? That stuff is awful man. That's worse than like when we did the BJ stuff for the Kpop makeup. It's like torture you do that to yourself everyday. You just like your sister to touching your eyelid in your waterline and then you just how is that going by the way? That's great. I'm doing it to Netflix thing. So I'm in at Netflix Christmas movie called Let It Snow which is based on a John Green Book and then I'm also an ounce of technically, but I'm also in Jupiter's Legacy which is based on a graphic novel. So I play a Japanese assassin in that I see how that's like I'm doing ABC show all cool. That's cool. I'm doing like a NBC whatever but Netflix. Yeah. Yeah, it's really cool that apparently they trust creators a lot to do the thing. You are a hustler. Are you working till? I mean you no come out with music you've done music on YouTube stand-up comedy acting came out your own clothing line up book. What like what do do you sleep so I get 7 8 hours a night. Like I really like what I do. I get bored very easily as well as want to try something new and exciting. I really love learning inside. I've see YouTube and all that stuff is my own film school. And I also think it's very fun to juggle projects. Cuz when I get stuck on one I get bored. I can just shift to another and feel like invigorated. But when I go back to the other project that I was stuck on before and yeah, you know, there's like the impending sense of like I'm going to die and nothing matters. So like maybe I should just work harder question that somebody actually asked I just want to make sure that I get the proper name in credits them Caroline Rhodes videos, but I want to take kind of expand this because when making videos that can be completely different from how you do your other projects such music or such as when you write your unit short films and then start want to direct them. So what is the process like different people YouTube sure, you know when you've been doing it for a decade. I have no ideas anymore. So I write my YouTube videos. Play Let the hour before my crew arrives and often. Oh, like still be finishing it they're setting up. So you two, I've trained myself to just procrastinate till the absolute last possible moment with everything else. I'm sort of concept based first. So there a certain stories like I wanted to tell forever. Like I did a stop-motion short called dolor that I've been working on for 10 years, but kind of accepted like stop motion is a craft. I'll never be able to do on my own. So I waited till I had a quarter of a million dollars to do it. Right and I wanted to use that as sort of like a proof-of-concept cuz I love animation and drug testing and I came up as a freelance storyboard artist when I was doing stand-up so I would do like I learned how to draw anime like when I was a kid and so doing storyboarding and doing animation was like a huge part of my childhood PDF. If you could please adjust it, that would be great. I don't know if my creative process. It's been very like I'm emotion-driven like, I feel like I transmute a lot of my very deep feelings into Arts. My album was born out of a wanting to quit, TX people have threatened like come shoot me at shows and comedy shows don't have security every music venue. So I was really afraid of like, you know, not only putting my life on the line, but somebody else's life on the line, especially after Christina Grimmie got shot but I'd always done music in my stand-up comedy said since I was like, well every music venue I've ever been to has security like that's just something embedded in that culture. So I feel a lot safer and capable of doing that and then also I had went through a really rough break-up Anna suicidal episode and so music is sort of what really helped me come out of that in writing it as well. Quit, I mean, I feel like that. I mean that's one of the one of the reasons obviously there's not the only reason why you stop doing stand-up have been doing it for so long. So I'm a coast comedian. So my stand-up sets all about my abortion. My sister's suicide dysfunctional Asian family Midwest audiences don't like it was very limited is the comedian in what I was able to do in the audience as I was able to reach and once I did it for 10 years. I'd like I'd have to really commit to this and figure out a way to make this funny to Midwest audiences or I just have to accept that I have to step away from Comedy for a while right? Were you focusing mostly on light Asian topics or death? Like a lot of Comedy was death Bass. How many world that that when you get that dark? It's not as the Midwest people when they go to a comedy show to escape so they want to hear like guys are like this and girls are like this. Where is in LA or New York or you're exposed to a lot more you are down to go on that kind of Journey with me like you're over like you're okay to laugh at an abortion joke or as in the midwest everyone's like a thot. No, that's murder. Collar Comedy Tour like did so well out there easy to digest when you soak. You so did Christina Grimmie thing. Let me know. It happened. How long will it two years ago and stuff like that. But after that I literally stopped everything. I never really did any more events that it affected me. I'm sure to fit a lot of people but it really like that's a big thing to you. That's why you one of the main reasons you stop soccer when I was promoting a comedy show was like I'm going to come and I have something for you and he'd been emailing me all the time and like started time at how he wishes my sister was alive so that he could fuck her and like I would be jealous like you is a really disturbing shit and then he he sent an email that basically alluded to the fact that he had a gun and that he was going to come see me and so I was like, I dropped out of it I did I hired a private investigator, but we couldn't figure out who he was so we think he's actually an it cuz he's able to mask IP address and stuff like that. Generally your skits and you're like you said your comedy your sets and stuff are a little bit darker. Do you think that's why it true somebody like that? Cuz I remember when we talked about girls every girl we've had on the talk about a stalker experience. Yeah, but that one is pretty I haven't heard one that that's that's pretty dark about suicide and mental illness like a lot of mentally Disturbed individuals latch onto me like my jams are always about I'm going to kill myself my sister killed herself my brother killed herself. So many of them are that or I want to fuck you in the butt or something like so it's like sexual or and then I also got two people who have both and so it gets a little scary cuz you're like, I don't know where this person is how serious they are if they're sending something across the internet cuz they can or if they actually have a gun in their car drive across the house or affect you like it has a mess with your mind though like yeah. You're paranoid all the time. Yeah, you are so casual about which I find funny, but I know it's not funny. You just get used to a certain level of danger in everyday life with your that pain or like that, awkwardness and you turn it into something that you know can be seen more light-hearted. All right. I just think there's like if I were in your position and in getting DMZ, but like not the sexual stuff. I mean that I wouldn't do that. It's likely be but more about the you like the more deeper stuff. Like I wish you a very heavy burden. Shoulders and and I wouldn't know how to deal with that like dude. I'm at I'm sure you can have to go through things like that in it and it's not like you could save everyone, you know, I mean, we we all want to but it I mean, how do you deal with that? I guess it's very weird question. Actually, I wouldn't know how to sew therapy man. Like I've been in therapy for 10 years and I think it's great and my therapist was like do not respond to any of those people. She was like first of all the someone who's very seriously considering suicide is most likely not going to send it out on the internet. They are, you know internal and they create a plan and you don't see it coming and she's like second of all if you respond once. Person becomes relying on you and is going to guilt you into having to respond to them every time and also for my mental health. Like I can't feel like I've had friends who have used the suicide thing is like a way to get me to do things are there like emotionally manipulative cuz they know that's my trigger. And so now I'm just like I can engage like if someone is very seriously suicidal. I know they went to my friend like I know how to be there for them. But if you're a stranger on the internet I can I help you in that way all the record. I want a promise. That was my question totally forgot to blank out of my head because like a lot of people do deal with like people reaching out to them and saying I'm very depressed and it's just like how do you mentally like always it's my issue, you know a lot of content creators. Hearing that it can guide them through like all this is not for me. It is not my burden to take care of them. Come to the same conclusion. I think to not respond but I've definitely had like moments like I know I'd the Guardians ride don't want to open it to go see that I read it and didn't do anything about it would like the top line is like I really need to talk to you cuz I like I'm contemplating suicide and like I feel a sense of like even guilt of not opening it but I know it's not going to help to do that cuz like what's the stuff in the next like a hundred of them? You know, why does open that one? And then I'm just caught up in this direction talked about this before but I came to the conclusion not to open it, but I do feel like guilt you know, because like, I don't know what happened to that person and like what if I had opened it and just said one thing in their fine. I know you like you just said that I can do the same conclusion, but I did always have a little bit of guilt of not opening it cuz it's not that hard to do. But I guess hearing from a therapist understand why I have the power becomes all-consuming cuz times that by like a thousand times by a hundred thousand and it's like when one happens if you say something and then they kill themselves. Now, you have the opposite effect. You're not a license like psychiatrist. You don't know what to tell people and stuff for me. It's like I'll make my videos and I'll be vocal about these are the things you can do here the solutions for depression. Here's here's the resources you have but I can't be at the heck accountable. I'm not trained for that conversation with another content creator. We kind of came to the idea of the time spent like helping just one person where you're completely unsure of what you're doing. If you just focus on the stuff that you usually do you help like way more people and that stuff that you're good at. So it's just like if you keep doing your thing, you'll you'll be positively impacting a lot. People that's not what you said that that's like whenever I visit you have personal reasons that that's a trigger with your sister. But like you said you also talked about in stand up. How is that so I mean, I know it's Odyssey personal to you and that's probably why you use it. But if it's a trigger to you don't you think that that's kind of, you know a touchy subject for you seven years. So I was doing stand-up for 7 years before I could actually make a joke about it and laugh. And so then it became a thing is like Oh, I like that. It doesn't have this power over me anymore. Because before any time someone would colloquially mentioned in conversation that qualified as in traffic for a moment. I was going to kill myself like I would just feel crazy and I got to a point where I finally was like, oh okay if I can make it funny if I can find a lens to laugh at it and to allow other people to laugh at it. That's so empowering for me and it's also normal. I think suicide ideation should be more normalized cuz all of us were so isolated everyday. We don't want none of the food. Anymore, so you just like live this weird existence. We were watching everyone's best live on your screen alone in your fucking bedroom feeling like a loser. I feel like a lot of us go through periods of depression and wanting to kill ourselves and wondering if our life means anything and there's been sort of this alarm if you like. Oh God, if you have any of those thoughts you're freaking like you you need to be on medication and you need to be like go to therapy because you're crazy or is it like no, I'm pretty sure everyone gets to a point in their lives. Maybe once or many times where it even just crosses your mind. Like should I kill myself? And so I like to try to normalize those feelings will also pointing out that that's not the answer. I mean I die. I agree with that. I think everybody I always assume the growing up because he was a little kid. I don't even understand it really but I've contemplated not doesn't mean I was going to do it. I just know everybody has. I thought everybody would have those but maybe not. I don't know I thought about it, but he has I feel like I didn't even in the opposite side of that Spectrum like we've all had like a small thigh like man. I really want to kill that person. Every time I hold a knife and by someone like I could just add I can get one star on GTA right now. It's crazy. Like when you're driving that the only thing that's stopping both cars on. The other side is just a line just one line and sometimes it's it's dashed. It's not even a solid line. You could just literally just go left. Another person goes left and you just just a line. It's just a line. So you like his life can be short. Never know. We're going to go give me the rhyme and I know what since you brought the first question. I keep rolling like that. What does Ben questions there's an interesting fact, it's actually your Tweet and white on July 7th money Fame success status. It disappears in his forgotten how you help people Inspire others and power and amplify voices other than your own the extent of your kindness. That's the shitt legacy is made of I really like that like what prompted you come up with this this sir to tweet. I think we all get caught up in the game of of all I got to be more successful. I got to make more money. I got a dino do all the cool things and then you lose sight of what is actually important and I feel like life is this really annoying cycle of doing that again and again and again and that was just a reminder for me cuz I was looking at Instagram obviously and like looking at things everyone else was doing as I am I doing everything wrong. Like should I be taking more of like what this is or be more like who this person is and just feeling like I feel very lame a lot of the times I feel like everyone's so much funnier and smarter like orange. Hiring or whatever and I just never feel like I am doing enough. And so that to me I was like, you know what I can only affect as much as I can affect like there's a really good quote by Mother Teresa. That was like I alone cannot change the world but I can cast a stone and create many Ripples and to me that's that's always the way I try to live is like, you know, it gets really overwhelming when you watch the news and you're like I want to help the world but I can't so it's like well, I can only cast as many Ripples and hopefully those people cast ripples as well and try to be a positive force in the world cuz I feel like apathy has become very cool. Like let me not care. Let me know but the point of no return you guys like let's let's all Japan with all care. So yeah, I think that was just me reminding myself. Like don't get caught up in that bulshit too much. You know, you've done a lot of things in what what's driving you to like do so many things. You said that you get bored pretty easily check. But what is it inside of you that? That feels like makes you feel like you need to do all of these things to be the first female president of the United States like it when I was 5 is like that is my path. I am Amy Poehler before Amy Poehler existed in I've always just felt like I want to do great things for Humanity and ultimately I've realize like my strength is taking my life experience or taking things that I'm feeling and turning that into art they can hopefully like make people feel less alone or Inspire them. And so for me, I love playing in different mediums, then you get all your life experience and in a new medium, it's all up for grabs again, like versus YouTube and like I've talked about every topic to rest a fucking talk about I don't have anything else to say, but if I go to music, I like everything I've ever gone through is now up for grabs. I can say all of that again in just a new medium. And so I like I like medium hopping as well. I think it keeps you creative. What are you going to do? When you run out of all of those feelings are you can sing? New Media now I got a Feelin. Alright. Alright, you might come back to the other medium and I feel like you have to have their certain people in the world. I feel like just have more energy than others and I feel like you're one of those people just like, you know that they were you watching the Kevin Hart somebody like you just look me like, how can you do all these things that I don't have the mental capacity. Is that something you've always had as I like you said is a little kid or is it something that you had to like train yourself comes from organization and attention management. So I'm very very good at time management. I can a structure my time in a way that I'm like, oh, this is how I can maximize the amount that I can do. Some day is like I'm tired and I don't want to do anything and I clear my schedule and I just like lay around but for the most part, I'm very good at when I have a task to do I know exactly how to do it in the most efficient way possible. You know a lot of artists once you're like in his own nothing else matters, you just keep going until and you realize I just used up my whole day. You don't go through that I do but I do it up her project. So I got very obsessed with one project. I complete it and then I do all my others get into it might come back. Just I'm everywhere man. I should do that back when it was relevant work off the music. RJ. Yeah. I have those two aspect of what you do. I do versus a creative. I mean is it like a 50/50 thing for you or Excel spreadsheets and color-coordinated calendars? Personal that's like so left-brained. You know, it's fun. It's a relief from creative because there was like, oh there's one way to do this. Right? And if I had the numbers don't add up then I have done the math wrong. Where is creative like the Box? There's no box of your like where is a business? I gives me a break from all that and I can be like a little and budget like there is if you have to have a little bit of that like a little bit of organization to become a successful creative because if you don't have that some sort of structure in your life. I feel like we just said, you know when your treat if it's just there's no walls if you dislike of energy that just goes outward, but you have to come to bring it in and be like, okay, I'm going to use this energy to create a song. Oh, yeah Fillmore a stripped. So I do think that that's super important. Don't have the discipline every Gay to like stick others follow through to like spinach something or their perfectionist and they like just finish it over and over and over again until they hate it and they throw the whole thing away and I think for me it's always like I want to be at least 90% there and then I have to let it go like nothing's ever going to be perfect to let it go once it's 90% of the way there if there's anything clearing you want to fix yes, but I also know when to be like, okay, this is been enough time on this like moving so I read in your bio that your father was an officer in the United States Marine corpse. Thanks. Thanks to him for thank you. Thank you mister O'Connor. I have friends who grew up in military families as well. They travel all over the place. They're never in one place. It's hard to make friends are going to different schools all the time. But the thing that I respect about them is they're very well cultured. And that's even something that people who travel like you never really understand is you just have a general idea of people really good balance of understanding of if people do you feel that were you traveling a lot and know every 6 months to 2 years while so it was really difficult to when I was like, oh I get to leave and I can become whoever I want to be at this new school and North Carolina and he liked what you didn't like about yourself and I got very good at chameleon in so I could see I can read a broom and be like, I know exactly who I have to be to fit in or I can just be myself. Is that you right now? I'm in a little turned up cuz we're performing but yeah, I know that's that's like a discipline also came from being in a like having hear of your father being a perfect by Asian of show and business. So my dad was all like every page you read to get a penny if you like pluck the weeds in the yard for two days. I'll give you Titanic on VHS. And so he you taught me like hard work and discipline and like really valued education and my mom is like more of a flowy like really funny clown type who loves Artistry. So she was always either painting or doing crochet or like some kind of like Hobby and so I grew up with both like discipline, but also like a really big emphasis on creativity. Mom is a creative and then that's about you. That's me. Alright, well speaking of hydration. We are going to work wakes you break. So we'll be right back. We've been back anyway, and now we're officially back. Okay, so let's get right into it. Paco I think you should talk about your tweet. No, I don't have it in front of me. Read it guys Taco tweeted. Do you think he's cute? It had the most part it did he got like soft Berry to the top as I said as a joke and to send it and he actually sent it. So you tweeted it at yourself questions to ask. I thought you just asking your audience in third person, and I thought you were cute honest. You don't have to make him feel good. Don't make cereal good theme of this because again the theme of that you just made his life. I think I'm good washing right now as I can see objectively attractive man. Thank you. I appreciate that. But I was actually a sit-down physicality like in terms of like if I'm personally attracted to a person with I think women have the capacity to to fall in love with people who aren't attractive and I've become attracted to them based on your personalities for me. I can see a guy who's really hot in like that's a hot guy, but I don't feel anything until I know them. At a streamy award show that you are by and see that clip, but I just looked it up. I saw the video of you coming out to your parents. Very sweet lady seemed very like very sweet people and ask them to do another video and they're like not yet. We just like, okay. Alright you guys are video for like a long time. I was just didn't want to say it or I had a crush on a girl when I was like 11 or something and my friend I told my friend and she was like a know you're just trying to be interesting. So for a long time, I thought like, oh, I'm just a straight girl trying to be like interesting. No and bisexuality. I thought you had to be like half and half and I'm not half-and-half ice cube more mail and but in talking to some bisexual ladies in the last year or so, they were like no like any amount of bisexuality is valid. Like I have a friend who's been predominantly a lesbian, but she's attracted to like a guy here and there and she's like, I'm still very much bisexual. I don't identify as lesbian. Opposite. Yeah, I know because if you're on the opposite on your gay ass hoes like buys like I'm attracted to both but it may not be the same amount per and I think it's like actually very rare to have like an exact 50 interesting. Sorry that I I didn't know this but I do you did you get a lot of pushback from the gay community because there is pushed back there and they feel like it's so interesting to me because it took so long for you to accept gay people. And then now that people coming out as bi gay people are actual pushback people think it's either a stepping stone to being gay and gay people think like you're actually straight and just like having fun with the other gender by an Asian invisibility spell. Yeah. I have had something back from gay people like especially cuz I like we have you ever had sex with a woman I've ever dated a woman or like do I need ever have sex with a guy to know that I'm attracted to a guy that does not doesn't like it's just ridiculous, but it's fun in a fun Journey when you said you were 11, right? Was it 11 yet? Female I can in terms of like sexual like when you start feeling sexual desire your face to their face. Okay, so I'm sitting with your when your 11 you weren't sexual right like you guys are extracted. Okay. Okay, Don't know like that's a puberty right like even feel like six great. Great. Okay. Naughty novels. I stole from my mom a sexual kind of like desire for the other girl that but I definitely think I like her like I want to kiss her it wasn't like. Oh, she's so pretty like I wanted more of a Butch girl. She's more of a tomboy. I've always been much more in the town Boise. Yeah. What draws girl into a Butch girl versus like a more pretty very pretty like a whatever they have in the feminine girl, they're cute and they're edgy and like their little rough-and-tumble never really good hair. That's like short but it's like gorgeous and and quaff and I don't know. I feel like yeah one of them sit on the back of a skateboard as the weighted like you kind of like portray yourself as like you're very edgy. Does that mean like if it's true in your case of Opposites Attract that I guess in your more personal like your kind of more docile and like you very I mean, I don't know. I'm very masculine energy in my career. So I feel like I have attracted a lot of women who are more feminine, but I know in my relationship I need to be more feminine one because I get I get to like resentful if I have to be on a plant everything it does everything and controls our relationship. So I think I've been always attracted to type that have more of that masculine energy someone who I can like relax in my relationship, but then I have my masculine energy in my career so you I mean, you're pretty openly like a very strong feminist, right, but you still see what I mean. I know there's different definitions of feminist days. Like it doesn't not everyone has the same definition but like in terms of like in that relationship, you're just describing like having a guy have it to plan those things. You don't think those rolls should be equally split up between the man and woman. No, I'm a feminist in the sense that I advocate for equality for women, but also for equality for men in the sense of emotional vulnerability, like I think feminism is also trying to get rid of toxic masculinity. So I haven't attracted to men who are like kind of feminine in their energy. It really just depends. I mean, there's so many variations of like what can get along with a person but I do know in my relationships like I can be so I'm such a controlling calculated person already that I want someone who can sort of not be pushed around by my energy and can push back. The fight with someone who can like have a boundary and hold their boundaries. Am I so like driven calculated, but they want but that they can respect the other person. Don't just get to control my like you want someone who like it feels like, you know, you're an equal a guy financially supported Partners before and it just doesn't I just hate it. And so I need someone who's confident in who they are and who's doing their own thing is down to be like no we're not going to do that. I don't want to do that. No good poke co co co co co you like you're still working towards something, you know, you know that invested in this debate against like one of the thoughts I have with bisexuality thing is correct me if I'm wrong, but do you kind of see it is like you don't see guy and girl you kind of just see personality and what they stand for and then because When do you choose to date a dude versus a man? Give a woman you like her nor? Is it like Words mail? I have been dating women since I've come out. I'm sure they're very different. They're so different I made a video about I hope it's not going to be offensive, but it's called like I've dated women and now I understand men because I like would take women out on dates and they never offered to pay for their half of dinner or like she's like nice restaurants. Like I'm like what the fuc and he was like, oh, yeah. That's the thing women do well. I've felt awkward. Which one lady with other women? It's been like I had someone invite me in and she was like do you want to come in and make out and I was like, yeah. Alright really pretty whatever and then she just talks the until 3 a.m. Which I don't mind but like I was like, we're not making out at all. You're a liar. What is the guy said the same thing but it would have happened if he talks about his emotions to three who you more mad at the guy or the girl about the same thing. I would probably be pissed to go to the thing is the premise of of bringing me into the house with Promises of of kissing cool and then like expect talking but to say let's make out and then only talk to me till 3 a.m. I'm like a girl Tinder people. History actors directors DPS people who are on a purse. That's probably a good Network. When do you choose a girl versus do like this? Is it based off of like you're a certain season or you just want to try it try on YouTube recent. You said recently been dating women, right? But it's like why are you only playing like, who do I Vibe with when we meet up for dinner? Finally like dating an LA is its own special thing, so it's kind of awful. Dating here is awful because it's expensive people are weird. Their superflakes user was very beautiful people. I date for 3 months. But okay it's time for us to be in a relationship now and they're like no no, no. No, it's just like in LA think is very La Focus, but it gets cold. Hook up culture. They're always looking over your shoulder to see who else is in the room. That's what dating here feels like I haven't noticed anything in LA. Best dating and in working and everything like in LA because everyone's at it so I get a transplant City and everyone's trying to make it and you know, they don't have a strong Foundation here and everyone I think settles down a lot later on the coast. Where is like women? We're still Bound by our biological clock if we want to have children and you know what he called with the physical vs. Like adopting out. And so I mean, I think women are just ready to settle down a lot sooner than all the men here or you going to have any woman I would I would adopt or like do artificial insemination, but I have always seen myself ending up with a man because I am more man skewed mention that you have a video. That's that speaking on what was the title of salmon? What are some of the like couples like a few things that you lost the makeup thing to make out thing? I mean and then this one girl kept joking about us getting married like on our first date and I got really hot. 2 hours and I've been guilty of making those kind of jokes on dates is just like a fun Flippin thing to do and then I was like, oh my God jokes if it's obvious, you don't see anything wrong with that right, but I could see what is a what is a fun date look like for you and bowling laser tag, like I love going and doing a thing. So that's something that I've kind of adopted it as is dating a lot of times and so when you do an activity together, not only are you guys working together to do stuff you're creating physicality and they're allowing for like playful touching and stuff and then play. So after the playful touching you guys can have dinner and then like talk like always really fun. And then you have something to talk about just sitting down and talking to someone at dinner as can be boring because actions speak louder than words. Yes. This is true. It was the last time you had some jokes about the first date. Both of you are on the same page. Yes, but I was doing people with the people they do go on dates like you just met them cuz I feel like I didn't know your comedy cuz you are not. I don't think you're considered the average girl in terms of your comedy, right? Is there something disclaimer? Cuz if you were making jokes you have that not like deadpan. I'm not making a joke face, right? I don't know you do sometimes how I do but like I try to make it obvious that I'm joking. I try. If they watched either with no people that don't watch me or know anybody before I go and see if there's like a crazy headline about them being like I don't know problematic. What's the best thing about dating a guy? What's the best thing about dating a girl dating girls so far as been the conversation like if there's anything that comes up like I feel very safe to have a conversation about it. Like he said the saying I made me feel a little bit like those but like I said it was but it can get to be over communicating. I think the best thing about dating guys. It really depends on the guy for the most part. I like sitting taken care of like emotional and I feel like a lot of guys are very nurturing in that way. I'll take you on a thing. So I don't have to like mentally worry about where is when I'm with a girl. I'm usually the one planning in like taking action generally speaking. Would you say that females? It's it's it's more of a it's great communication on an emotional level and then guys generally tend to take care of people better or take care of women or men in general. Yeah on a day. I feel like men are very good at taking care of you if if they're the kind of personality that can't it's hard to generalize cuz I don't want so different. But yeah, I do you find with women that communication is a lot more clear. I agree with that. I'm not a good communicator. I don't think so. Most guys aren't though average a woman speaks 16000 words a day and a guy speaks 10,000. Oh, yeah, I guess you could say that. I think I speak probably about. Okay. Well is that all we have for our questions that we got away from that for a little bit Yeah, I think that's what would you consider yourself to be a successful person? That's from that's from Twitter actually. I know from the outside. Yes inside no personal success Career Success. So do you just overall see everything is a process and I still very I feel like I'm still in the process versus if I look out objectively and I see what other people seem like only I guess I would consider that successful compared to most but inside I don't feel like I am successful because you think once you feel that way you'll stop wanting to pursue all these different things or pushing yourself to do it. I don't know I just feel like I'm still me if that makes any sense. Like do you consider yourself successful? I think I would even think of what I wanted when I was younger, but then when I got here, I don't Yeah, it's so incremental and small to that. It doesn't ever feel like I have reached my Peak. You know, I just like okay. This is why me to get this job do this. And once I did it made that amount that I was trying to get to I really don't get this in a success maybe because I got there maybe if I never reached it then it would have been like I'm always chasing something. I think there's a I think if you want you consider yourself successful it's hard to say is everyone's definition. But I think they kind of just do nothing wasn't successful. So I feel like success is always changing like your idea of it is changing as you're doing more things. And so it's always a way it's always farther than you if that makes sense. Like I always will My definition of success is when there's two projects I really want to do and if the offers on both and have to choose between them and then I got there and I was like, okay now my definition of success is being the lead of a movie and I got there. Okay. Well now my definition of success is being a Marvel superhero in a movie or it like and so just keeps like going farther away. But you were in the more you know what he be still or you come across like a Magic Pen and it's like all right. I don't know if possible. Okay, you still have the goal of becoming the first female president hasn't been taken yet. You're pretty pretty opinionated. But I I'm not educated enough in politics. I don't understand how the system works intricately. I have friends that are way more qualified than I am and I just was like, why can't I feel the same way but even about like opinions I'm swayed easily. I'm very open to hearing every side. Need to have those also I've been told it's bad because it's like oh, you're just a sympathizer century percent there, right? You know, so I just like to see both that's because I'm not smart enough to know like there's only two sides. I mean there are many sides. Yeah, but technically speaking but why is it just blue and red can't there be like purple and brown and no say you're actually helping the other side because it's never going to win that any ground summer going to win him. I don't know. I think these little parties should get some love too. I agree like yeah, they don't have a shot, but they should they don't have a shot at all. But let's give him a shot. Starting my own party. I mean, that's pretty much it. I have a question real quick. I just yeah, it's more about the stand of thing cuz you are the beginning and so when your is there like could because you know your ears your strong feminist and when it comes to Comedy though. Are there things that you feel shouldn't be joked about every topic is up for grabs. If you can they make it funny and you're be not perpetuating some kind of hate speech or violence set a reny kind like I think as problematic as he is Louis CK made really good pedophile joke where he talked about like, you know, it must be so good for a pedophile to do this cuz of the repercussions involved in or like he was the first person who was like, oh I had a baby and now I understand whether a dumpster babies. So he was really good at taking previously taboo topics and putting them in such a specific lens that they were okay to laugh at and they weren't necessarily condoning the behavior of people it was just putting it in a very unique light that you were looked at me. But yeah, okay. I understand. That's funny. I think like any topic is up for grabs as long as you can find one of that unique light is but I think the hard thing with comedy is were incredibly politically correct now and I think that has a lot of prose to it, but it takes a long time to craft a masterpiece fucking joke. Do you have to try it out over and over on audiences? And then when people record you in that process trying to find that lends you can be viewed as incredibly problematic canceled canceled when Louis came back you heard about how they said it was feeling so I guess who is exempt from having to always be politically correct? Because they'll comedians job is the final this is a line that we shouldn't be Crossing and we're supposed to push boundaries because he he had a problematic, you know me too movement and everyone was mad that he came back and he didn't talk about it. If you had made his entire set about that behavior and made himself the butt of the joke and really showcase some learning along the way from that experience. I think you would have been embraced cuz that's what we really want it right. We wanted him to learn from it to grow and to apologize and instead. He's just made a bunch of jokes that were completely irrelevant. So it was like a an elephant in the room. I don't think anyone is exempt. Sara Lee but I think if you're in, do you have to be hyper aware that anything your you say on stage can be taken at face value? Because people are not comedians. They don't know that you know, you're going onstage a hundred times to figure out this one. I got a perfectly right. It's true. I feel like that gives you a certain like Freedom again, just like if you were to say something on Twitter the same thing you are tweeted that same thing and come to haunt you but if you sit on a stage with the mic and it looks like a stand-up set can get away with a lot more. What did he say that he got the most recent? That's okay cuz those are known online so you can't really understand that something is a joke. I think it's an important thing to look at cuz people dig up all these old tweets and likes it was okay to say that back. It was okay to say retarded back then like you have to look at it to the cultural lens. Like I watched bring it on at the Hollywood Cemetery recently that money so homophobic it's good, but it's like every time they called him like a dyke or a bag like the whole audience was understandably. So that's not okay anymore. But at the time it was totally accept different language almost have a video that still up that has the word Fagen it and like I don't want to take it down because at the time like I said, it wasn't nobody complained about it and I called it out. So I obviously said like this is a different time and yeah, but I'm not going to take it down because of when it was me and it's clear that it was a different time and I said, I'm not going to use that now but I see that that's out there and they give people if I tried to hide it people would find it a hundred percent get a thing. Oh, yeah people appointed out like I used to do a podcast with an X where the whole point was shocking answers. And so one of the questions like if you could get away Crime, what would it be? And I think I would rape a man. So like that's so funny and some possible or whatever and we all discussed to the questions and answers ahead of time. But it is like blew up on Reddit is me this way later like 5 years later something and I was like no, this is a horrible cringey joke. I was trying to be funny also, like that's the way you cope with assault when you've been assaulted you try to make light of it or you use that kind of language is cancel culture. Yeah, man, that's a good note to end on sing music video every month to my channel every single month. All right, so go to Anaconda, I do want a month off the pill podcast on Twitter and at off the pill 2 gram I might have missed those. I was that right. No Pat off the pill on Twitter at off the field podcast on Instagram that we're never going to make it the same thing right? I just want you again. This is how we ended we never really told you but we just breathe into the mic and 3 2 1. By this time since you're the third person that my price knows a little bit. We don't always going to act like that, They're all girls to so has been all girls.