Oh, we have a we have another read today. We have a sponsor read nice. It's been awhile. Now we need to get more of these we can keep the show. It is skillshare. Again. This episode about Bill podcast is brought to you by skillshare skillshare is an online learning community with thousands of amazing classes covering dozens of creative and entrepreneurial skills. You can take classes in everything from photography and creative writing to design productivity and more. So whether you're returning to a longtime passion project challenge yourself to get outside your comfort zone or simply exploring something you skillshare as classes for you and also like I mentioned last time they have classes like like weird things to you learning how to lucid dream and doing all those kind of, you know, they have a lot of stuff. It's a good Advanced version of YouTube and YouTube materials. But anyway what you get out of this promotion is you can join the millions of students. Are you learning on Scotia today withspecial offer just for off the pill podcast listeners go to skillshare.com sign up to get 2 months free of unlimited access of thousands of classes again skillshare.com Link in the description nice thank-you skillshare for keeping us alive. And then yeah guys going to skillshare because it makes us look like hey, you know, let's keep giving Ryan money. Yeah cuz you guys are all coming here for once. Okay, and she's not being paid to say that. But we weren't yet. We should all take a skillshare class like a different one and then just talked about what we learned. Sorry, can you get me how we get out of here that I forgot to open it before they show the skills your class on the how to open up cans without white noise. That's especially true always caught all there is there there is no you can't do that reminder that scene in Big Daddy. Was he trying to eat some kind of chips, but it's such a relatable thing. You can't open a bag of chips without making a lot of noise whenever I do that instantly wherever I am in the house dogs every single time. I'm at school whenever I had to open up a bag of chips and I always feel like I have to cough the bag. Yeah, cuz then I was loud, you know, so Greg goes with farting and farts at the same time, but you can clearly hear is far and what do you mean that's a good name for it the barbed hose other one cost combo. That is this a lot. I just died a lot of emotions going at once. I've definitely farted and sneeze at the same time. I once threw up and diarrhea myself at the same time. So where did it go? It's cuz when I was a kid and I had the flu since I just like to spread my legs open over the toilet and just like try the puke through the whole family got all over me. Oh, yeah. We have a girl in the room today and we're starting off at Berry. How do I trace a manly topics that sex has to say no not that easy? Huh? What I mean. I don't know. I don't think that's a it is a joke. I agree. Yeah, but you agree that girls don't poop. Are you agree that it's I think I think some girls take it too far, you know where they're actually like. I don't want to talk about this. We should start there's a video about how girls should be like allowed to fart a side me poop. And then I don't know. I mean like Dave asprey as much as Dana is cuz you're always you're the only girl in Ark PC and you're around on Kai's all the time here farting and burping and and you're pretty open to that. You don't think it's I mean whether you do or not, you're just around it, right I grew up with an older brother and just the dance few Lost Boys. Like I was always around like 15 to 17 guys all the time. So maybe I'm immune to it. I guess I know but you grew up with all I mean that grew up with like all your friend group was mostly guys and then now with RPC you're surrounded by guys all the time who are pretty average person, but like being the only girl you don't really eat or like you just so immune to it already, but you yourself don't do it. Yet so I think that's what we're talking about. Like how it's not okay for girls to express themselves that way it's okay. What do you mean like with us? Like if any girls did that we encourage it? Yeah be like cuz it's you it's different if you fart it may be grossed out. I think we'd be like, yeah, I think I should have you ever have you heard Arden fart? Yes. She fart on, you know, I mean, I don't you do that like the people you don't really do that. Yeah, that sounds like they're really yeah. No, she hasn't done that. Now you guys aren't I have heard it and she was extremely embarrassed Baba. Now. What is she farts is she still is embarrassed. But like I mean, I don't see why they have heard her poop before I have heard that makes clothes. Greg actually has Greg hurt. I'm sure he's heard you fart. Yeah, you do it like that. maybe 15 years in September. Older than a lot of people watching. Yeah, it is actually more than half our life. They've been together since high school my last year of high school. That is you're basically married in some states have common law common law. Well speaking of Greg. What is it like living with Greg? That's a common thing that I mean not just I mean, we don't even know ya kind of know you lived with her for a little bit of yeah, but I mean like it's an interesting relationship cuz you guys been together so long you live together, but you also work together a lot together It's Tricky but you ever get like man, I just need my own space all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we each have our own offices for when there was time happen because they do. Yeah, I think. What helps is that like early on in our relationship to after a few years of dating? We were like, oh partnering a dance studio. We had the dance crew. So we were both kind of like in their creative director positions. We always work together and then we both taught multiple dance classes together and I feel like we kind of got used to doing everything together. So we understand each other's chemistry and how we work but would this one it's like with what we're doing now with working with you and stuff. It gets a little tricky knowing the fact that it's unpredictable what you throw at us basically and since we both have different strengths and visions that we could either showoff we do tend to bump heads a lot creatively and that kind of affect the relationship cuz if you have a tricky day where you want something to happen your way and you know, he thinks otherwise before compromising. It's like you can't go home and complain or like a stressed-out on your boyfriend who caused you distress to begin with so we don't have that but we do understand that. Okay, we're compromising a little bit more efficiently now or we both kinda understand how to work around each other and Provisions But It's Tricky but also rewarding because it's when you know when we come out with something that's really cool that we both were a part of we could say that we also did this While in a relationship or it's something that we created together and that yeah, that's awesome. I was wondering about that cuz it's got to be like for you. I feel like it's tough because I may be weak. There's a side that we don't see but you're the type of person that I've never once heard. You mad really I just a little annoyed but I've never heard you complain or mad like, I don't know if you have not known ever seen a reminder I get mad at her actually, but I've never seen like maybe when you guys are home, do you ever get like and show that and I'm sure you have to write every normal person does that otherwise you're a sociopath, you know, but you've never when we're around you've never done that and now I think It's hard to. Do I say this when I'm around you guys? It's like it's always a like a positive environment. So it's kind of hard to if something frustrates me like I won't let it get to me. I think a lot of the times you is because your frustration will probably happen before we even get together because you're designing props and you're designing costumes and you're designing sets. And that's something not necessarily were around and then as soon as you're done being stressed out, that's when we all meet up and then you're like I have nothing to be upset about seeing like moments were like, you know, if I mean, even if it is a positive environment, I mean there's it's stressful situation to running out of sunlight or feel like you got to film Something In The Middle on time or not, moving fast enough, you know, like there's there's definitely times where everybody gets frustrated and I seen Greg get frustrated stressed and you guys kind of whether it's like something you disagree on and Greg get a little upset but you won't you just kind of go with the flow that okay. Like very passive. I think when when he kind of gets in that position, I know to just kind of follow his word because I trust that, you know, I don't I don't want to confront him in that time. I think he kind of gets into IT director mode. So I'm like, okay, let me do this for you because I think at that time when we're filming in it something like that happens. I just kind of trust in her. I just trust in that he knows what he's going to be doing and I'll help support that cuz sometimes you'll be kind of in a panic or trying to figure out what he needs to do or can overwhelmed. So then that's when I become like what can I do for you type thing because I know that you know if it turns into something More complicated then. At home, it'll be a different story with a real fighting toppings a bat and maybe that's why I'm reserved because I know that we'll figure it out later into the work environment because it could bring everybody else down and tartar. Okay. Well, let's just wondering about what kind of jumped right into it like we went we went to want to do like we need to get to know how they met and stuff. You spell chronological order man. Okay. I want to be Does she listen to this? Your dad is Right make a Greg was looked away different and was way different back then he did and you're kind of an emo girl like a goth girl. You're a Hot Topic model. Are you talking about her high school days, so when I first met and so that's why. No, no. No, I don't think so. Yeah, I mean you've always had a unique I want I want a hipster but like you look at unique sense of fat your fashion person. Are we getting into how we met story time? Look at that. She look Getty still she still. Butterflies thinking about him. That's disgusting. We met it was my first year in high school and it was my first homecoming and he was actually the blind date of my best friend at the time. So we met we had our homecoming dinner at the Mall food court and then Greg shows up and that's how we finally met and I just remember during the dance like my friend didn't want to dance with him. Greg was kind of a Wallflower that entire night and he went to a different High School the first two years before he switched over to mine. So he would come to every dance like our friends would take turns hitting him and you know when you fill out an application for someone from another school to attend the dab. Dance with him. So I feel like I kind of wanted to talk to him more and more and then after summer break like you started attending school and the show your age real quick graduated Yeah, mm for 5 ish 2005. So you basically for for two years, you're just like man. This is really weird guy that just keeps hanging around our friends with doesn't ever dancer and being attracted to that. Yeah. Alright guys know you know, it's a bag of Dana. You just got to be a you know, hang around don't really get involved your Wallflower like every time every time we would come around he would always be like that silly guy and he had an afro at the time which is hard to believe now. He had a big afro and he would wear like ginormous hoop earrings mismatched clothes, like he was always so quirky but he was super shy at the time. So I feel like that's what kind of made me interested. I was too. Shy to ask him to dance but it was so repetitive like they would bring him and I always had that Curiosity like I want to get to know him more. But he went to our school and then started dancing at our dance classes and then that friendship bill cuz we always had your mutual friends. And then from there I can it took off through Dance and yeah, just hanging out. Who Doctor Who hit up who first, was it ever like a hey I think your cute or is it always just like just talking and flirting and then yeah actually It was pretty random cuz we would hang out and then all of a sudden he would kind of send me little messages on my face after school. So that was a thing after school you go home and check your Myspace. Yeah, and you would just be like hey, I hope you had a good day. You're so cool. I think my call you I do what you want to do something cool. That's money. That is so like I remember that time I actually had a crush for a son one of his friends. What are the step boys are a little bit before like one of the boys close friends like right outside of the group like a brother or a cousin being high school. Explain that I don't know actually don't know this. but you do know you're still kind of creepy now, but so I would if I liked the boy, I would just kind of like follow him around just kind of so that boy light. What are the psycho Dana? That is probably deep in my closet, but that boy that I liked he stepped on a plate at lunch time. But you said I don't know if I still have it but that boy is in my clocks ahead. That's way cool way cooler at lunch a paper plate. It was laying on the floor and he left like a shoe print on it and right when he walked away. I took the plate and I was kind of joking off to my friends cuz they knew that we just all kind of liked it and he was he was a cutie so I took the plate and I like put clear tape on it to laminate it and deserve it and I kept it. I may have had him sign it they all kind of knew that I was crushing pretty hard. But I think he knew it too. So it would kind of be more of a playful thing like watch I'll do this type thing. But I said so great we did that and I would like draw a cartoon version of him on my planner was when I started showing more interest in Greg like I do and doodle of Greg next with the afro in the hoop earrings and I think Greg and I spend more time together like in dance class that really brought us together. And that's when things started like actually happening. I feel like with the first guy was question. It was more playful like trying to joke around cuz he was super cute. Yeah, Greg was always a person that I was very interested in. He's such a unique character or we can all agree on that. I know someone I picked on Twitter and someone asks like what made you fall in love with them and stuff and I like on my drive here. When he went to our school, he was on like the audio video audio video audio video team and he would do the morning announcements that he would read the lunch the daily lunch that would be you know on the TV they would roll they still have the TV that they would roll in play the morning announcements you to read lunch or any news and stuff and he had the afro in the big earrings and like everybody saw him as his character like always so cool. And that's why that's when you fell in love. Is that what you were saying? You don't know but that was like the moment you just thought that was he was so cool. I've always been drawn to things that are unique and I guess you can kind of tell that you yourself are very unique in terms of how you would dress in like, I mean, that's what you take pride in being different and same things differently. Sounds like a plot to an 80s summer flick explain that story and then making a girl and Anime like this mainecare loaded with a bad character with a really handsome and then she ends up falling in love with the guy who's like the clown. Yeah, I get beat up all downstairs. Are you actually see you saved? You would follow guys around that you liked and then save their Footprints everybody kind of jokingly knew I was like that or I kind of made that character for myself, but I feel like Greg kind of He made it seem like there was no need for me to do that anymore because after we started like talking like a couple months in relationship, he went from having an afro to doing like a rat tail thing. So when he asked me to homecoming or some other dance, he had like a ring container you call that ring vinebox. So he waited for me at lunch and all our friends were there and he had this box and he presented it to me and it was the lock of his rat tail. armedforcesgear Nothing, like that's mine. And I have like I have like three at least Rutgers is a baby mullet or like a baby baby mullet pretty that's pretty strange. But it's like that's why it's funny and unique. I did not know about that creepy side of you but that's funny how you still do that. Did you collect his Money Mustache hairs that he would shave off his mustache and present that to you every year on your anniversary. Great idea, I'm sure there's people who can relate. It seems like an anime right? I don't know. I think anime. I just picturing you like a girl literally fought like stalking someone that they like that usually like at amazing. Cuz in anatomy that's cute. If you do that in like a lifetime story, it's it's a murderer normal degree. You know, we have a hunch that you met someone before cuz we went to the same elementary school and middle school and I don't know if you guys had like Not like rainy day Fridays, but you would have designated days. Where are mixed grade would come together and the last 2 hours of the school day. You can go to a room that's watching a movie or you can go into a room that's all coloring or toys and stuff like that. I loved it. It was so much fun in elementary school. And I remember going into the toy room and Slick a little a little 10 play asking to play with me and we we did the marble run is this where you build any role the marble but we both remember playing with that that was our go-to thing and I told him like I remember specifically this one time that I played with a little boy. Who is tan R. You always remember maybe a little bit. I already was born with like really I did not know that we did that and I I feel like while we were talking it was a random story, but I want to say that we both kind of got that feeling that it was fate cuz I also had that experience with another friend in preschool. And I never I have totally forgot about it and I met up with a friend near the end of high school and we became best friends and then there was this one time where we were talking about to remember playing with a girl in preschool like blocks inside of a similar story and a couple months later a couple weeks later. He comes with a picture of us playing on the floor. He's like, yeah, so it was weird and it was a very similar feeling Huh? Yeah, maybe you were just following him this whole time. I heart out don't remember too much just like embarrassing moments like peeing in my car or like cutting my own hair stuff like that, you know, oh used to be lying in the bed. Yeah last week to have to change the sheets. Whatever dude grown man has grown man has grown man that my body is working. I just I remember not being a good kid. I see in trouble. That is a preschooler used to beat up girls know I didn't notice one time and I wasn't beat. I just not getting into that one. Hitter quitter. Yeah, whatever preschool. I don't know. My mom told me this but I do remember giving attitude or like being really annoyed with the ladies that ran the place and I just wouldn't get along with the listen to them when you get along with them and listen to them, but I was told when when there was a guy there I would like like him and listen to him. Salas I was your sexist. I was too dirty cash it for that. Oh my God, you're going to get some being sexist, but I guess I didn't like I don't know. That's all I remember. Wow. What we went to your grandma's house at one time and you showed us that picture. Where you couldn't sit still and I like this totally looks like some more year old in my hands like this and like it raising up into the picture and that's cuz the ladies were holding my arms. Not that I wouldn't want to take the picture and I like really pissed. I guess they took a bunch of shots. Do we have that we have to show that you had to go back home. I don't know why he did that, but that's all I remember. So you were a crazy stalker. I was a sexist and you were a poo poo. Pee pee boy pee and pee. It's time for us who she break we'll be right back. I brought you something I brought you something. I just remembered this part of the shore. Do you have it on you right now right outside? Okay. I let's talk crap about a she's leaving. Dude. Dana is a stalker good thing. I found Greg because she might have been a murder. If you could she probably would have murdered Greg of Greg didn't like her and then tell her she would have just with his own rat. That's how it begins. I can't think of anything like what I ever follow somebody if I like them enough. I know when I was younger like Yusuf all people to a little bit but not like her then definitely not we should save the foot. Really wasn't what is this Dana? It was her friends to be accepting of her creepiness. Sardinas just snuck back in and what is that? Why? It does open. I think it's a pill or a do that container, but Greg and I were out at a store that sells containers out of the register. Yeah, what are the odds that that's not cool you're selling our merch. Thank you. What's a jingle? You got it? You got to sing it. I don't think didn't complain about last time but I didn't have to read it. Exactly. So I'm just going to say again. This off episode is brought to you by skill share an online learning community with thousands of amazing classes and without having to read all this just in my own words skillshare basically is this site you can go to and learn a bunch of cool things. You've seen it Dana. I don't think you've ever even when I want to learn a bunch of like you can be a teacher on it on there for one and make sure you learn things like how to make your Instagram better like how to how to turn it into a business or even learn how. Like I said lucid dream. He learned a bunch of weird stuff Adobe Illustrator on there like, Go to college for but you can learn it on there and it's different from YouTube in that I think it's like screened. So it's like a very like premium version of like a YouTube tutorial like a better version and a professional version of that. I'm so go to your share. And remember if you go to skillshare and you do sign up and get two months free unlimited access with thousands of classes. Just go to skechers.com. Make sure you guys use that so they know like we sent you in the ass look good this week. We aren't doing can old balls or purple elephant. If you a real one deciding what is a child skill share. Thank you guys for keeping us afloat. Given this podcast going or not. Otherwise we have to quit this has been With this only thing we've been keeping up with it's just been a lot of things going on lately. And I I mean you can go to talk about it's it's cut. It's everywhere piss literally right here talk to it as well. But I hated there's a lot of, I didn't talk about it last time and I'm making a video for it. But by now my launch party happened and this is my energy drink that I've been working on for three years. I don't know why I didn't talk about but I've been working on it for a while. He's got his own you but yeah, it just came out and we just had our lunch party. Unfresh was so fun right before the launch party cuz it's in La so we're not going to be with you know, we're coming this in advance parties happening has happened. So hopefully there's no drama. Oh, yeah. Com check it out. It's it's different. Midnight. I gave it to my friends. I get it to like no family and stuff and everybody is a very positive but I wanted to hear like, you know, there's going to be people who don't like it yet. Anyway, like Red Bull like I like the taste of it but like initially when I first drank it I do other than a fan. I'll tell you what we were going to say Rogers is to sour milk is weird. Doesn't taste like milk though. The closest thing in terms of the thing is when you hear about it, you probably think that's gross and energy drink like milk and it's white to write but what what I wanted I wanted to be white. I want to be different and the inspiration was kind of like those like, I don't know what those things are called like after you Korean BBQ, you know, like those kind of drinks. I can in Asia and have a lot of it yogurt or those little plastic things kind of like that and I really like those drinks. There's no energy drinks. But you know, I wanted to bring that here and nobody really nobody in the US wanted to do it. So we work out of the Netherlands. That's a product. Nobody want to do it and that there's a good reason it's a big risk, but milk and Dana and I are Xtina, this is what it sounds like. So good then gmail.com where where we sorry I wasn't going to add mode. Well, I mean, it's the second half. Okay. What do we have here? First Nelly from Nelly which prop costume was the most difficult to create popular costume costumes and props for us but the BJ like 6 at light up. Those are good Dana and made those that was a process because idea and they were all hand cut from acrylic like we got a special sauce for it and I had no idea. how to operate it and it was very big learning curve and I tried so many things like I put the stick on the flashlight and you wanted both silver and gold and I'm trying to figure out how to do that yet. So the lights extended up being clear but I spray painted them like half or six gold six silver and I just didn't like the way it looked you couldn't really see it Glow as much afterwards the day before we sent you to LA with them. I had a big bottle of nail polish remover and I was like hand removing all the spray paint out of all the crevices and everything just like I'm doing those two days of work and on top of that we were working on the Star Wars video at the same time cuz we we filmed at a few days and then you had to leave to do the PGA stuff that we were like picking up while you were away. But I feel like the fact that we're doing two projects at once and it was a lot of back-and-forth all at the same time, but difficult why is that was best. I mean it look legit easy. Yeah, I think that was actually like a Blood Sweat and Tears project because it was overwhelming we were working on multiple videos at the time. I was trying to learn how to use this song and the acrylic is kind of sharp. So I definitely got injured several times. After you pull it through there's will shower that come off or if you're trying to like smooth and edges and you catch a little bit. Yeah. All right. Fun. I think I really like learned or I felt accomplished like I taught myself how to do this. So I'll talk about how also you kind of got into large BC does that was like unexpected right before I met you. Eat remember how we met in third grade dude, you're the time to do so you were living in North Hollywood at the time with Don and Don and I grew up around my family a lot. So it was no surprise that he would spend holidays at my parents house. So when he came back for Thanksgiving he brought you along with him. So we met you at my parents house on Thanksgiving you were staying with us and also was when agents of secret stuff came out too. So we spent Thanksgiving watching agents of secret stuff with only and then the day after was are they giving party and dressed me up. I was the beginning of her career. She dressed me out she out of okay. So basically you guys have these these parties Thanksgiving parties, but they all dress up and Pilgrims in Dana basically anything Pilgrim with within a day parties are living back at home. We would have these theme parties in for Thanksgiving. We would throw like yeah costumes in a bag and for Thanksgiving it was you could either drop Pilgrim and Indian and there was like two teams and we would have a whole I think giving Olympics been like competitions in relay races and it's so much fun, but we were all on the pilgrim side me you and John so I had my costume addressing you. Yeah. Yeah, and that was and that's when we first met. But the actual thing that brought it all together was it do you want to talk more about it? Cuz what you asked to design was amazing which one the cloud thing, right? Oh, that's right. So even before I moved out here, I was still doing stuff for you guys cuz that's when you would got brought Greg on and I would come out to visit him and it just so happened to be like, oh you're going to be in town you could help us with this stuff. So I was visiting with some friends and I helped you guys make the cloud video for the twas a 10 million has a lot of fun. So I hope that was that for that week and then I went home and then I came back a second time and that's when we did the teatime room. I mean people don't know. I'm sure that you went to college for interior design it and I'm even when you first came out here, it wasn't from my impression. I I just thought you were you're coming here would do that and it was this was going to be like a short-term like always so you don't have anything else you want to just come help us out, you know, just kind of casual and then I just found like wow, this is like so much so much value in terms of what you can do with so little in terms of like it's it's very difficult to be creative with not much and ain't even great to I believe you're very similar in that you can make something pretty legit with not much and that's it for me and save me a lot of money. So I'm going to buy the real Elijah. I'm going to buy actual glow sticks with hey Dana, do you think anything is always be like do you think You guys could make this and I've never heard no like it's always like what okay, if it's really difficult and then Greg will be like, yeah, I think I can do it figure it out, but it's never like know even though it should sometimes probably be enough. Sometimes I'll go over then I'll start helping them in like, how are they doing this and they're like, there's so creative Pig snort snort snort video. You called me and you talked to me about it and you wanted like this and Frozen castle and multi levels and stuff and Greg was editing another video at the time, but I had you on speaker phone and I hung up and Greg and I looked at each other. I know I need any people that don't listen tell me know because I go to big make something work. It might not always be three dimensional because it gets to a certain degree. Yeah. Yeah, but it's part of the fun. I mean, it's just it's definitely him just asking but like I already know you're just you're not going to say no just tell me this is not realistic. I can dump it down more but Ryan's like that really pretty girl at like, you know, and then you guys are like a boyfriend and runs like can I have this and then you can even though he knows he shouldn't be getting it for you babe. It's like that. I don't know where I'm going with this analogy. All right. I'm just saying Daredevil do anything for you because they appreciate you so much that you found a way to make that but not If I was dating you, I'd say no dating until you that much. Find a much better guy. When you first were bringing her on you thought of short-term. What made it long term. I just kept like she just kept Help At first. She was just helping for free like she was just like, oh, I I'm sure Dana will help make that it was all just a game. Just helping and then we're like, okay. Well, it's just going to be doing this, you know delicious ringer on for a little bit cuz at the time I was still thinking you were still looking for that no interior design, I don't even know what that means. You don't like one of those like shows like those property brother is going to think what you want to do in tree architecture. So I did all you like the cat in the model making and stuff but I feel like what I'm doing for you now or the more Hands-On stuff is kind of more relatable to what I was working on when I was at home because my previous job was more civil stuff and it kind of became into something that I haven't tapped into and it I had no intention of going further in that but with what we're doing I use a lot of my model making skills and learning what materials to use and what works as well as Aesthetics and making sure things look cohesive and all the little coffee tea tedious things basically, but yeah when I came out here, it was fun helping you guys and I did have a couple clients from back home that I was doing like a brought stuff for us. I would send them like cat sketches and stuff and then I did a couple of jobs for interdesign out here for my previous job cuz she designed the four people watch second down the teatime room and that was like, I mean, we I wasn't expecting that but I mean That time I would say all this to have a video of that was supposed to go out of the making of this room. I don't know where that video is. I think it's still on Sean's computer somewhere a half edited, but it's around somewhere. There's a video of them making this room one segment where I guess you can't see it now, but the the Rhino that's above you you helped never came out still one day it might one day one day. I know it'll be the right time to marinate expand Mall. It has to marinate I'm telling you it's the right time to work. Add a note so we discuss some other things I owe you and Greg fell in love and stuff. But boring then also, you know like the props if you guys made at boring then I guess he stop insulting her so much people already think you hate her like a lot of people from the other videos think you know your side over here and I've been waiting let's talk about that help was like really mean to you but sometimes it's like I mean to everybody you are but it's a different amount but we're sexist. We'd be honest you're the least sexist because you treat Dana how you treat us exactly like this is coming all around but some things you say to her you can't get away with that. You can say to go ahead. I guess parka was a feminist and I was almost 3 at Best cuz one Paco told that story about how one of our friends asked Monica if she's on the team or not or if she's yo with us and you said she said she's too good looking guitars VC basically were like, oh yeah. Why is Monica in the group and I was like what note Monica stood up to attracted to be in the group and then someone is like what about Dana? And I forgot that like, you know, Dana's like part of it, but you just got to commit to the joke. So I was like, what day does like a 3 it better? And then I said a four this way better. All right now so it was Monica that said after you said she's too good-looking to be in the group Monica goes so it was Monica that said that and then I went yeah, you're right. She just wanted to clarify that. That's even more sensitive you hurt her. I know I don't care if you don't care about that stuff, but it's just like the way that I don't know. This is some things you don't I don't know. Maybe I am a sexist person. I don't treat girls the same way. I wouldn't say that to a girl friends to like self-deprecation is like our security like, yeah, you're right, even though it's more lighthearted thing anyone in the group at 3 at Best may be only you actually cuz you would say that to me down and said that Gregor will any of them up for me. I think I'm in a position that I can say that you say messed up things because you guys like do mess of things to do it to me. So that's just our Dynamic. What are you talking about? Yeah. I don't know when we don't say those kind of things to you. We give you helpful advice. Simple relationship is Dana. I don't talk like that the Dana or Greg, were there any of them? But it's okay. That's an interesting. I was just doing one last. I mean the only really good question that's left is like what would you be doing if you weren't working with rhpc she just thought about what you went into it and how she got it. What would you be doing? What's not like I don't have time. I would like to do something fun on the side too. Cuz there are times where you know, you're writing editing all the graphics in thumbnails are made and I do have a little bit of time I would like to do I want to do something fun and crafty maybe like greeting cards. I've been practicing calligraphy. I think that would be fun something artistic that I can control or create a fun product like musical theater would be fun. Well, actually I didn't know about that. That's a really interesting thing Danish greeting cards or birthday things. Would you write like the things in it to anyone's or like just sure or like, you know as soon as Ryan fires all of us start a patreon Okay, and then, you know different tiers and then people can order your stuff. Should I start wondering when I fire me Sharon that have like a little digging this dude is wanted to do I mean, I have no artistic side, but I always want to make the jokes that I used to like reading the comedic ones. Like there's so many of them are just like a lame puns. Yeah, I'll be greatly. I think it's poorly sure you have the pines and you attempt to do to Lititz much more entertaining looking at your stuff then like looking at one of ours and having it. Look good, like or have ideas. They aren't necessarily always the artist in a joke that it would look like a little kid dreads. That's all I love that you love it cuz you're good at drawing the rest of us normal people can't draw or like this is crap. Like the thing that you made for Sean before you left like it was really hard. Actually, I would rather appreciate it. Well, thanks for little ego boost Dana, but it's just that was off the pill podcast off the pill on Twitter and at off the pill podcast on Instagram and be sure to check out Dana. She's on Instagram and Twitter and all that stuff and we put up her graphic raisinville followers on what's my name again? Okay. Well Dana was the guest. Cyst okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. How about this if you guys are real ones everybody in the comments with Dana is a 10 solid 10 and 14. Phil podcast podcast. She doesn't she has never made it to the end. You can tell I know I know. Yeah, I know it's different for girls.