They already know they already know what it is. But guys, we finally did it. Thanks. A lot of you guys out there and you know, it was a continuous joke. We finally have our first sponsor of the podcast. Cuz I'm going to read it real quick. Our sponsor is called SeatGeek and you guys to do back you actually forgot. It was my first time be gentle with it is a ticket app that makes buying super simple. They put all the tickets in one place. So you can focus on what matters most Allied experience or the live experience one makes more sense. You can find all events on SeatGeek like NBA Ariana Grande Travis Scott Liberty any show or game? I guess you can probably think of is probably there. I would have to tell you you get $20 off your first order SeatGeek order with the code heater h i g a He got offered $20 off tickets. That is a deal. That is a good deal. And you know what guys if you're out there and you're actually going to buy tickets save $20 make us look good. So they're like a you know, what that sponsor this podcast wrote. They're only doing this episode in the future, but it would be nice to have a consistent sponsor. You killed it. Thank you, dear. Very first sponsor announcement announcement that I did almost messed up on the part where I said the live experience Live experience. I should probably read and practice very nice. But now that we've taken care of that siding is like our our first sponsor if you were to see a concert or a sporting event. Where would you go? The first one that they have listened to the NBA Spurs, I actually have I haven't used SeatGeek yet. But I mean, they're consistent hook up your me. I mean, what does that mean? I get to consistently have a Twitter account every time. Yeah, I guess it won't just type it he got so that it looks good so that we look good and it's like, oh man, we got to give these guys more money or would you use know? Where would you want to go to like a comedy show, I think I believe in La now like a concert is it to K-Pop group real popular and a lot of acting as a K-pop groups female K-Pop group and ever heard they know this. Like I see a lot of people on Twitter trying to get tickets and there's like two thousand people in the queue before them online and I think we're buying tickets from online vendors as well back pink. Who is this, you know, they've been around for a while, but they can't be like I mean damn it. Did you guys know get them? I don't know if this is going to get get us some heat, but did you guys know that BTS in Korean mean something? What does it mean to Korean Americans? I think I don't know about Korea in Korean spa me where it stands. They called BTS actually stands for tonight, but not the group. Okay, when they can't they say after you know, it's a saying in in I don't know about Aiden Korea, but for Korean Americans BTS means burning docomo syndrome or something like that. Spicy food when you get fired some BTS actually means like fire poop has fire shoes or something at it. Sounds like a BTS have so many hardcore fans that like even just now had to be like man I should wear this very tired though. I think about that. They have a lot of inspirational songs that have a good meaning to their lyrics but their fans, how can you understand it? It's it's the lyrics in like the meeting is up and you see them you never translated but a lot is weird. Cuz a lot of time researching parts of their fandom will be way too aggressive and like not live what they are praising, you know, so if they're saying like you use in unity and then like their fans are like kind of not doing them. Yeah, that's like most people though. Well hypocrite don't put this on this is does not reflect the views of the Octopod. Yeah, but they are I mean like I mean for the moment we had we had BTS meaning behind the scenes on our second Channel videos, since I don't know how long and I don't know where or when it started happening but all these people and I'm just seen a grown over the years these BTS Army fans have been there since I don't remember when it started happening. I don't remember exactly but I just kept thinking. Yeah, all of a sudden there was all these people say like BTS Army and then at first I thought they meant like I was like, yeah and then quickly do I learned at 11 that it's amazing how far they've come it's crazy and are they like considered them? Most successful game ever released in the US for sure. They didn't they hit like one of their first number one like the first Korean K-pop band to hit like number one of them, but they're also on I think my Time Magazine like a front the front page really Alone 1. I don't know do they don't really do they all speak Korean or do they like English stuff? Like for the audience? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah so crazy. Well, you know, it's crazy that I thought I thought Kpop was kind of like dying. I mean, that's why I had to be didn't really like keep going to the LBJ thing. But I mean people keep asking I thought I thought you would get tired of it, you know by the second one but working on another what is. What is it called when you give out information that has exclusives? Well, I mean if you guys are doing a mother working on another song and have a concert and if people could get their tickets at Seiki, there you go get your show at or see you could set it up because we can't afford to put on a short trip ticket concert. Honestly, I'm usually not too picky when it comes to concerts. I mean as long as the second music group that I like I'm down, you know or sports like going to be like a fun sports event goes like support Jeremy or poopsie the Spurs like I'm down TV Jeremy just went over to the Raptors. Yep. Yep. He is because you don't know Jeremy Lin Jeremy Lin just Wouldn't trade has bought out easily. He's on he went from Atlanta Hawks who are in the bottom probably five teams in the whole league to literally like the top maybe like the top three team. So he legit has a chance to win a ring. Not likely because the Golden State's always going to be the favorite, but I don't know don't get me going on basketball basketball. Nobody cares about basketball sleeves. You grabbing him bad because aside podcast of Ryan and support there's this player on the Raptors. Actually. Danny Green was a podcast called The Green Room. I think he has a podcast. Yeah. Yeah. I know one of my favorite Spurs, but you got traded with the in the whole Kawhi Leonard trade again. I think I don't know if we should send them talk like a basketball but basically has a has a podcast. Definitely be down and if he's down Danny Green, actually there's a chance now, we have a connection can tell Jeremy I get Danny Green Kawhi Leonard and see how much we can get him to talk. That would be you would be good for like a sports like podcast tell if you like to talk about basketball and maybe like fighting. Yeah, I do have cr MMA. These are your hobbies and it's it is your podcast Fighter fighting stop. My fireflies are so like empty because nobody cares all like the people who follow me a selfie not associate me with basketball or with MMA or any of that that's like my interest and we're about to have a second Channel podcast that are sports first analyst Phil seconds. Didn't even agree to it, Nevada Reno. So uninterested podcast. Yes, and we're as having a guest like, you know, just want to get to know us a little bit more in here about like what things we like to do. So Ryan, you know, a lot of people are curious like when you're making when you're not making videos, which is almost 24/7. What do you like to do in your free time? Cuz I'm not making videos 24/7 because you're always like working. We we talked about it on the podcast not I'm not working and videos 24/7. That's pretty much all we do then what? What are what are your hobbies that you actually like to do in your spare time that I actually do? I mean, I think I talked about this. I just video games and basketball watching basketball free much is not that much honestly, very boring people who don't go out normally unless people are in town. The actual yeah, that's that's pretty much the only time you ever go out there very boring people that you go out. Elad. I try to go out. I don't exercise with a hobby kind of relaxed. Yeah that's coming to that subduction to do when your hubby you have quite a few too many Outdoorsman for sure, but I have to admit I'm like a hobbyist for hobbies. My tobbies are my hobby. Pretty much like there was one time where I kind of got into this tabletop game called war hammer and Miss bases like models and painting and it just like It put together a lot of things. I like to do so like models and then I also like playing board games and I also like painting so it was like very easy for me to be like man. I want to like get into it and I had fun doing it. I kind of stopped for a little bit cuz it's a lot of money in time and and stuff but then I got into board games and fights like a tabletop board games computer games any other games you cannot sell it is so pretty much. We're just a bunch of his papa years. You play video games that's like to our yeah. Yeah, cuz you will sacrifice your sleep that you can come into work and be like all you didn't sleep for like you only sleep a couple hours cuz you're playing video games that night till however a.m. In the morning see the little bit and you wake up and play games before you come in and like you just look exhausted. Yeah, that's cuz you know that you know that said like an addictive personality which is like I get addicted to things very quickly. Yes, he likes things that easily interest me. I will just dive into very hard and I just go through like little seasons of having some kind of like you like having Hobbies. Yeah, but I go to the extent of not eating or sleeping sometimes to learning about these you guys I mean, that's a good that's also not necessarily a horrible quality. Some people with addictive personalities actually become, you know, some of the best athlete some of the best I could if you're spending that much time on something you're bound to be good at it, you know, if you're going to spend that much of your time investing in like studying in theory out how you're going to be better at whatever it is. That's how you become good. Right, like I'm kind of have to be an addict to a certain degree. Yeah, but I think I could spend my time on a lot better things. Yeah, but I'm just saying like people with addictive personalities if you think about it, like Michael Phelps, he's probably addicted to swimming, you know that he's probably had focuses on. Oh, how can I become a faster swimmer or how should I train or in sending with any of your basketball player? I'm sure they watched tape on themselves. Like people with addictive personalities are actually people who succeed usually can't think of many people are completely successful who aren't that kind of personality. So because you're successful in making videos, would you say that you were addicted to making videos or making people laugh or what made you grab onto YouTube very very late with with your whole life. I guess. I mean, I think I was it also changes a lot. I think you have to be addicted for me. I was addicted to the fact of trying to Create things I couldn't do in the past. They create new things and try and create things that are different and then it's very it's very unsatisfying when I have to settle for something that's not something you as well. Even if I create a video that does really well and it's sometimes super unsatisfying for me because there's like a man already did a video like this or I already did this joke, but in a different way, it's not unique, you know, so I quit videos with those B video that did well that I didn't that you wanted him satisfied through the lot, can't even go through all of them. How much is the one that sticking out right now one that sticks out that did well, yeah that I am not necessarily proud of like was it fortnite or the fortnite we did some new things in that which I was like kind of happy about I would say probably something along the lines of like a When we did the how to be Ninja 2 it's like it's kind of a parody of Adele parody and it was just like oh, well, you know what? I mean? It was fun cuz we did the fighting thing and it was different. But the rest of it was just like any doubt that that's like my excuse to kind of do something different by using something. That's not that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was it was it was do that fight scene. So I wrote the entire script to be just good enough not great. The hole is not is not good. It's just like basic like jokes that are not to me at least it's not the most prettiest thing in the world, but I was very satisfied in was happy with it because of the end scene because we didn't do anything like that whenever didn't action sequence like that. So, I mean, that's my version. I guess I would say probably it's probably safe to assume and if there's any kind of like cinematic qualities You're usually pushing for it. Like that's usually you trying to push it into like a new realm of like making it higher quality and if it's like a list or like something where is like morphe log heavy? That's probably something you're less likely to be satisfied with right and I know it's me, but I know I mean, it's just like I use Diamine special before I used to use these videos to like sneaking things that you thought want to act more. I'll put in the scene where it has to be more dependent on acting versus just straight up jokes, but tonight but then obviously those don't usually do as well cuz it's it's not what you are used to doing what they want. Just one the same specific format for the most part they agree or not Its Reflection. The numbers is always showing the likes and dislike ratio. So I named despite what people say. That's that's just how it is. Whatever I feel like we said that last time Hobbies so your hobby is gaming right? That's it. Pretty much like making people laugh. So stand up. Yeah, just any form of Comedy. I don't like that not so much making videos making videos easiest way to make people laugh. Right? Right. So let's talk about this new hobby you both have been into that. She has been trying to fishing is great know. It's not you missed out. That's when Sean was here. I was talking about that game Apex. I'm not even a fan of it. You're never Supply Co I am such a hipster like anything that becomes popular if you was into Apex or nobody was really into it you like this game so dumb, you guys got to try it but the moment it becomes popular is like You was into pubg cuz I was like, you know less popular one and the original and I stopped and called you cuz I was playing fortnite. This is years ago or two years ago. No, you did not coming out with a game night and then a few months later you just the guy play more for me than I ever played. He's like, are you the one telling me Oh, wow, you're playing fortnite, pubg pie play real games have better game pubg don't think it is. You are like that though. I would say so it's just funny that it's like it is if someone if someone tells you to show the show is is amazing. Like I love the show you your first reaction is like whatever and then you watching it like it was cool. Even if in the back your head you like no, no, no no, no, no, She makes him believe that it isn't good when it when it could be cuz he sets himself up for expectations that yeah makes me curious. Like what looks like let's break this down a little bit like outside the mind of pocket why it what makes you you know, you're aware and you acknowledge acknowledge think so why do you know why or for me? A lot of it is like there's a general audience will like a certain thing and it's not necessarily the smartest or the funniest or the most well thought-out and so that's where I'm coming from where I'm like Okay. This may be good to a larger audience sure. What does it do? I like it or am I going to like it because other people are like You like Apex? No, I don't don't lie after I played it a couple of times. I was like, I was just another br. You like it? No, I don't know the reason why I don't like it because it's it's very fast-paced little Black Ops and that's why I like pubg cuz I was slower as more thought out here, you know, there's a there's other ways that you can see that yeah. Okay, I guess I don't know that's so I had the ability to still try and think my way out of situations for that specific knowledge that that's a quality of you and I'm still trying to figure out the root of that. I think it's something a lot cuz we know I know a lot of people like that. It's not just you that's like the dussehra just want ya The Stereotype stereotypical hipster, right somebody who wants to be different from the mainstream. Sure. I don't know if that's a good definition don't want to be caught liking what Yeah, I mean it's like I don't know what the technical term. I don't want to offend people. I know I told Greg ones that he was a hipster not knowing was a bad thing and I think you know you'd like you would wear like overalls and something I don't think he means drinking song. I really didn't mean it like it. I met you at the time. It wasn't a negative thing that I think I was just like a hipster thing. I was living in LA and you know, we're drinking all these are things and I think he got offended what's in a mason jar like one of those typical La places would like a jar where they would put water. I just want a cup. I don't want a job it is. Yeah mason jar. Anyway, I was it makes me think like I kind of get that but like what makes somebody like that and it is the fact that they're insecure about the fact that they need to be different or is it because they feel like they need to be it's cooler to not be similar cuz everybody wants to be out about rice why I'm like that and it's just because I was always kind of different and I was seeing is different and that's almost my identity. And so because we're my whole life I've been different I like different thing right there. No reason for me to like normal stuff. Nobody I'm very different to you know, I buy my thing is my insecurities of my way. I coped with it is the opposite. I will try to fit in so it was much less cool, but that's but this is because I'm a stronger person than you that that is probably exactly why arm wrestle. I don't want to beat him. So here's a question for you. Then if it was uncool to be different back in the day and now it's cool to be different. Are you going to be no different? You got me in a catch-22. Is it mean that much to you? Would you like a flip-flop? Yeah, but I think for me I'm going to do what I find interesting in what I like. No, but but we're saying is sometimes what you find interesting is affected by what everyone else finds interesting. Yeah, and that's the part I want to figure out is not even be like if there was a war text more like a world Universe where you're literally just by yourself. You have all these different routes and choices. You can make Lego. I want to be into this game. I want to do this Hobby. You would probably pick something completely your route your tree. Your route tree would be completely different from what it is in this reality. That's why I think I didn't give too heavily in affected by what other people think. Yes, and no because if I like something like yes, she was very popular. It was it was it was still like it's true. I really like this game and I stuck with an I played it a lot if I do like it but it's important. I got popular and I told you to hop on it. What did you tell me? I like hell gross. Yeah, and I want to go as a little kid who plays fortnite reaction like natural like way bigger. Why don't you just play that it's like there's a reason why people are playing it. So I think I'm very I get that mentality, but I am I guess I was just some nerd trying to fit in, you know, you liked it and you were like a man with the cool kids. Is that regardless? Cuz he likes Black Ops II anyway, yeah, the people who don't have contacts to why I brought this up a will has every for every shoe has been trying to pitch me to play this game and it's not about me a not trying to fit in cuz I know what the game is getting big huge to see the thing is that I'm so different. I'm such a Dupaco because you see like, oh there's a lot of people playing so you see the value you probably learned about it for YouTube, but I think I'm pretty good at seeing a game and be like, oh, I think Ryan would like this cuz I What kind of plate like play style you like and I remember seeing fortnite a long long long time ago. And the reason why I said it to you even before I came out they were working on like their Tower Defense version 2 single player and I was like Ryan this game is for you. Like we got we going to play this and you like you actually like that mode better, huh? Yeah. I mean, I'd I'd personally the other games that you just like things are you if you're working on something if you're going to put time and effort into it that you keep keep that status or like you keep growing with it. I'm not as big of a fan of something that you just play and then you start over. Yeah. Let me set some it's not worth the time. They're not a sponsor of this impacts great. Let's move on from that enough Apex 30-minute Mark, so I have to take a break and then we'll come back. I don't let the shishito in either. We have to take as you bring us our normal break. We could literally just say we're going to take it and sit here and pay here. Quick she rake and brakes. And we're back. We're back from Cece Drake. Yes, and yes, I second time second one. That's the money real fishing reel twice but bringing up Siegel. I don't think we normally have to do this but I am just going to bring it up again. Just a reminder in case for whatever reason you jump ahead to the if you want to look who just jump ahead of the sheets you break. I will say that one after she breaks. I think our podcast get better. Anyway. Just in case it is a gaap again. I'm going to say the same thing cuz I didn't write anything else down that makes buying super simple. And basically, I don't think I have to say this again events online if you want to get You can find all events on SeatGeek like literally anything but the NBA whatever you want to get tickets for you can get on SeatGeek. Basically. They have a hookup for you. If you were trying to get tickets for intervention get $20 off first your first SeatGeek order with the cold Higa Higa. There is a link Reddit of the description like it download the app use the code he go for $20 off ticket is your first one though High. Yeah. I should probably wrote something different. All right. Anyway again, thank you so much to see key for being our first monster in the hope. They do it another one in the future. But as of now This Is It Anyway, what are you got? You killed? It wasn't good. I just wish like I had something different to say that time. Anyways, thank you sticky not doing as well. The first time, you know first impressions are really important and it looks like Valentine's just happened. So, how did you say way? That wasn't a sound bite. That was me going. How did I say that? No, I would just don't see the corlee. It's okay, whatever. You don't need you don't need to ok just happened last week it is so I mean or evil well, we know you have a girlfriend. I do what did you do? Me and my girlfriend Monica meisinger and some videos. We didn't do anything on Valentine's Day. But the day before we made a really good dinner. I made a juicy super juicy steak. My seen it on my insta story. I don't use it a married couple steak and she made vegetables and potatoes and was so good. And then Valentine's Day nothing Friday after Valentine's Day couples massage. Boom. That's something that's something we never do that kind of weird, you know, like when you mean like, you know, when you go to massage your like I'm supposed to take my clothes off and pick up some of your clothes on or put on Lele. What's a good gift to give you short shorts to wear while we were new at it? And that's why we were kind of like, even when they give me give me give you those shorts, you know, did they give you those know? I just sitting there and I still do not trust like that. They don't look like they wash them so I still wear my underwear under the underwear naked but it's comfortable dude. I'm I'm sure I just would prefer to I don't know if Paulo there cleaning, you know, they change your sheets every time you see every single person. I thought I saw the washer and dryer phone. Can I spot speaking of massage? This is just a quick little thing to say when time me and Ryan are on a vacation or not. We are on a work trip and we're getting a massage and the girl we are in the same room the girls that were massaging us or burping they just had I don't know what weather ladies lunch or something. We thought we were getting pranked legit in Indonesia. And for a show, I believe. Yeah, I got to I got to add on to this story weather. The guy who is taking us out basically like always booked massages for you guys, and it's two to a room. So it's a couple of massages but it's obviously being well and then I forget who else was with us. Everybody is playing with me and we were in here and we're getting massage in these girls come in Indonesian women and pitcher pitches keep like a cute but I got a whole tub for over an hour like over an hour. I mean not that loud but it was like you can hear like someone trying to hold back their burp and it just kept burping and then like at one point that thing like 20 minutes in the room. Start laughing so hard and once you broke, you know, like when when you and your friend are laughing you have that connection and we just laid up from the inside laughing. They came back and made the shut up. We put our faces back in the hole and I could still hear a little bit at my house in like the shoulder shakes and it was so fly I couldn't stop laughing. I don't know. I mean it was a great massage. It was a really funny story. I could have swore that they could have swore that I don't know if you were thinking this but I thought for sure we're being filmed. Somebody was like pulling a prank on totally cuz they set up that massage. We didn't book it and I didn't walk in there. It was a setup for us. I was like, oh my God, we're getting prank. Like I'm waiting for the cameras to come out or whatever. It was. So real like it was like this happen, but it was good. They were both doing it. Maybe if one of them was just like, you know for an hour of burping like every like 5 Seconds 10 seconds. It was crazy. That's a sorry. That's it. Why can't be that I was? Are there have a better I'm just going to lay just hanging out with friends. I was in LA. I know me up with David all the first two days. Yeah. Yeah. I was saying did you guys celebrate Valentine's Day like going to dinner or do anything if I was driving home on Valentine's Day, so I spend the day driving from LA to Vegas. And it being single and playing video games Ryan literally just released a video hopefully came out saying who he's dating right? I did just released a video saying who I'm dating you so we can say the silent unless it doesn't come out then it's this then is off the pill exclusive. I know if if that video is not it better be better be out before this comes out on Sunday. Yes. I just I guess yesterday technically it would be a specific date. Anyway. Yeah. I just I just said that I just released that I am dating Arden which most people had already known. Miss me yet. Thanks. We've been dating for a long time while ya said. We're going to hide it per se but we just didn't we didn't feel the necessary to announce that we don't to make it like one of those channels where they just make their things about their relationships like Messi. I think it becomes like a puts a strain a different unnecessary pressure on a relationship. But anyway, yeah, we didn't try to hide it but we just didn't announce it. A lot of people are in you yeah. So what did you guys do for Valentine's Valentine's Day with David? What are you talking about? Now you make me feel like a douche, but I don't know what that even means you been off a little off today. I Know video. Yeah, basically what we did was on Valentine's Day. We just had a dinner we went to this place cuz I was still on keto and it was up Brazilian Brazilian steak place that's like that other place where people come around and they just cut off of it literally come to your table. And the day you want to do is cut off a piece of meat and they have all these different kinds of cuts of meat specially when you're on keto you guys kids. Baby, congratulations on the announcement of Ryan and Arden dating. I just know some of my business why you just treat them like you're so many pictures. I would like fans and stuff like that. It's like so obvious. We just never really had to like it would be weird to not talk about her to avoid that again. Not that special didn't do anything special. I mean going to a nice steak house. That's that's a good one. And you don't make that Steakhouse better is if you kissed so do this to you what is wrong with you today? Is wrong with you what is wrong with me everyday now? This is like extra wrong and weird. I'm pretty tired. So when I'm tired, I just wonder if my friends are kissing the way that you're making it sound like you know that we want to hear I want to hear from him. Yogi just have to keep wondering. I mean we just started dating yesterday. So like I moved that fast kiss everybody in the first date slut literally filmed all day today and we had to do this podcast though. I've been consistent so far on normal shoot day what it's used to describe it. I think I mean watch SWAT PDX. I mean break it down very simple start at 10. That's that's like our most common start time 10, Usually we're come over Ryan's someone picks up like a lot of the equipment we meet over here on load. It will have like a shot list that's created by Dana and then we'll match the equipment to it and start with whatever whatever shots and filament El Super Taco told you guys I was really boring and then we do a podcast with zero energy. I know it. Well, you know what, this is our first time that I were doing it that I actually feel pretty exhausted. Yeah. We went a little bit longer. I feel bad about this podcast. I don't even remember what we talked about the honest moment. It had more energy drinks today and that's above my limit forgot. I was going to bring up the other story about when we talk about Indonesia and a funny story about that and I only have ever seen Apparently at that show I met Rich chigga. Oh really you was at a show. I was there. Yeah, he was he was at the show and he was I have a picture with him and he said he DMD and he's like crazy, huh? I didn't I didn't make that up Brian Brian rich. I think he just goes my Brian down. Oh, well that's awfully similar. No, but I sent me a DM. I don't think he cares anyway, but he was following him after that big when the polo the pink Polo video camera eBay dolls. I call this guy is funny man, super funny. So I didn't think you were serious. I was I was following him. He did send me a picture of me and him and I was like what this is this from and it was like a pair of Indonesia show. Yeah, and I didn't know idea. But anyway, but you couldn't at the time know like when you meet him and you're going to make a song obviously, but I just had no idea that he was backstage with picture wasn't like a like a meeting radio station must have been somebody a part of that, you know behind the scenes. It's true people. I love is. So, yeah. What about yeah, you know I pissed everybody likes and that's what you just have to say. OK speaking of Valentine's Day and you probably like the person you were with Segway. We got a topic here that I actually do like read it like really Paco hit me with it. I don't even know what is literally says, can you like Oh, I thought you guys were so tired. Anyway, this is a good topic I have so wanted to talk about this right? Is it possible? Can you like someone's are even if you don't like the artists like for instance the whole R.Kelly situation, which is going on right now there been many documentaries articles, you know exposing how he had harassed and abused people sexually many of which were underage and a lot of people are calling for Artists who have collaborated with him to call him out on that. So is it possible that you can decide if the person is he admitted to this or not? You're sure yet or like been proven hard to say cuz I also like what if we find out I mean obviously I'm not trying to offend him and seems like I said, it's true when we find out later down the road like holy crap. We were wrong and then we start adding to think I have physical evidence of some but there's so many different cases. You can think of it like, you know, do you still like watching The Cosby Show? Do you still like maybe actor even if they have like different political views like yeah or movies that were created by Weinstein exactly when it was something I had thought about before and I kind of decent most people from what I read at least not that I've seen the document. I haven't seen the document either and I don't know if they're completely true. I'm assuming that they are but I don't want to What is the R&R not cuz I don't know. But from what I've read from what people wrote like, you know, I have two friends on Facebook Twitter and stuff like that. They're all like, it's your I don't care if you like the song. I'll Be I usually get stuff if you can't support it. The consensus is like you can't like you can't like the art if the IRS is like that but I don't completely agree with that think I'm in the same boat as yeah, I think people are going to be very upset about hearing the body is saying that but I feel like I mean the reason why I like that get not supporting them. If not buying a certain exactly I get that but like it's something that is pleasurable to you like it in your ears or individually like you can't help but feel a certain way about something. Yeah, you know, you're not trying to like him because of R.Kelly the person it's big it's just good good content. It's whatever he's not really What movies are he's created so many big movies and like really are not just him but he's a part of so maybe movie then like I can just all of a sudden that I found out. He's a horrible person that you know, I can't say. Oh, I hate it. I hate that when I'm not going to understand not supporting it but like you already have supported right but like it's pretty similar. Like you said it comes down to obviously there's a difference between continually or continuing to support the artist in terms of like buying the songs or going to the concert or whatever, but in terms of a song existing and you listening to it and being like Oh, I still like the song like, it's I think that's probably I think that's okay. I think you know, So I have the solution to it you do. Yeah, so if you don't like the artist, but you do like the art what you can do pirate exactly downloaded illegally don't support them screw and you can you still get to experience the pleasure in to see what people already say. You shouldn't be enjoying their are Kelly's music while I don't know father. Like I don't know if we like movies and stuff like that, but I've read like I had to stop at I completely stop listen to R.Kelly. I deleted all my songs with R Kelly. It's even artist that I took golf, you know people who collaborated with him said I'd I took off I don't know what they took it off to bed or iTunes. Like I took my songs off celebrities that did that one main one. When he was popular, that's why off the pill another one. That's kind of like this is kind of like flak because he was I forgot what talk show he was on he was talking about how he's with a church or like an organization and that church is kind of in line with like anti-gay icy. And so there you was getting like flag for that and like a lot of people in that I kind of thought of that when I heard that because then it's like Do you not like his movies anymore or like any of the movies associated with or do you know what I mean? Like that's kind of a inline. I think a little bit what they were trying to say is like they they still may be like it. This is why I think you can like it but what they're trying to say is like you can't watch it anymore cuz you can't control what you like. We can control what you watch you think that's what they're saying or that's what you're saying. No, I mean, I think that's what they're saying. I think it's okay to still watch it to be honest. And I think I still am never going to buy another R Kelly song that I really buy songs anymore. But if I got certain song comes on and I don't even think is I don't even know some are Kelly sings this like that doesn't change how I feel about the song. It may be like in in playing it out loud. Then I'll be like be careful while later on but like I if I didn't know that it doesn't change based on what that person is for me, at least I don't support artists in the saying I should I go by the song. It's like are you kind of coming out of agree with us in a sense of like you can support an artist without agreeing with them on certain things and I think you'd like to argue don't necessarily feel like the art it right. I agree with that 100% We need someone to be politically, correct you're so I'm going to say you guys are horrible people die and I'm going to flip through then you can't you're horrible as messed up. I mean you guys don't like you can't play as music. Anyway, you can get me for what I've been so you can buy it, but you also can't like it when you're having one of the greatest movies of all time. You can't think about it and they have I believe I can fly in there. That is true always speaking of which I don't know if you guys know this or not. I think I told you already but did you know he says suck my Yeah, it's a subliminal. I'm pretty sure it's true thing. It's like in the animes like yelling like no way listen to it again. Anyway anyway. Yeah, that it's it's not even connect that to heat messages. Okay, he did it or the thing about that is a lot of artists put subliminal messages and you are one of them. I have some subliminal things in my some of my songs a lot of your song. Yeah, but I just for fun just for like me and David I just tell you guys about it after the fact you can go listen to it if they find a great but I don't care basically what happens if we're listening song and rangos. Hey I said this right here and then it says it cool if I don't like really quietly or such-like behind something other extreme of it, right? So can you like someone's art even if you don't like the artist is there? a threshold to wear if they're so so bad of a person. Will it stop you from listening and supporting like like Hitler Hitler made Mo Bamba if Hitler made the most Fire Hits. I didn't mean to say that I did actually didn't mean that to come out there made the best hits and then you found out like who Hitler was right? Like they didn't know would you listen to his music or would you be like that's too far right if you made the most and it was like iconic right? And it was another yeah. Okay. Well, I mean, honestly, I'm not comparing R.Kelly situation, not your fault. If you didn't know and you like the song it's not your fault, but I don't think you should be buying it or supporting the artist in the sentence the same thing but you like it still sticks to it. I don't think you should I mean Play I'm not going to go out of my way to listen to North Kelly song. It doesn't help his case. It doesn't mean I don't like his previous songs that I didn't know that about him when I heard it and like like the song is like a different thing for me, you know, all the songs that you can like in the space jams on I Believe I Can Fly that the title. Hey, anyway, I forgot to say pcness of the week. This is how to be seen as right it is. Anyway, I'll try moving on Twitter questions actually off the pill at off the pill hat off the pill and what are the questions from to Instagram questions for the Twitter was How do you become motivated when you're in a rut and you don't want to do anything and I think that's a great question especially for Ryan because we must all of last year. He was in a rut. I think I'm too old. What did your roasted dude? I think that's a very rude thing to say, but that is a good question. I like yeah. Well, I mean, I think I did talk about it. And that was it this year or the last this year the first one the first video of different but two of like me deciding to do things. I want to do like this podcast say it's like something I would have never posted and I already knew like abused were going to drop and obviously they did but you know, it's cuz it's long form content and it's not necessary when people come here to see her but it's something that I've always been wanting to do and I have fun doing and I think for me it's rediscovering why I did you in the first place and that was to have fun creating you things and doing things that are different that I'm not getting tired of you and for me, it's I think when you're in a write-in anyway, you got to figure out why and I think you really look at yourself and be like, okay at this is you're in a rut for what reason I don't know if this is the same scenario for this person, but at least for me, for my perspective you have to I didn't you have to get to a certain point where you feel like You feel so stuck that you have to you have no choice but to kind kind of look at yourself and come up with while you're there and in general General Dallas is always ask why for everything asking why has helped me in every aspect of life, but they're like, it's someone's being mean to you. Don't don't be sad about it. Don't cry don't do I guess you could crack and you know that if you ask why when I was getting bullied and I hated it, but I had to ask why and that help me. It was like, okay what he's doing it because you know, you see he wants to make people that why because you know what maybe he doesn't that the time wasn't doing this but later because that person probably get enjoyment of it. It makes him popular. So my thinking that way you find solution Blackwell, okay, if that's what he wants and that's why I want. How can I do that? How can I make people laugh? Or how can a that's what if that's what he wants then I should know. It's not about me. You know, I mean that what that's one just one example, but asking why and everything even in and making YouTube videos looking at like other people's videos that are doing really well. I had to learn from it either wasn't always successful on YouTube. It's you just watch videos and see like, oh, I just posted a video that ask it how to be ninja and it did so much better than like a lip syncs and I'm like, why does why did this get so much more views? You know, like I didn't know what the time but if you always ask yourself, why is every scenario? I think it helps everything in life. Vinyl Twitter question is How was your guys's first kiss. First kid to be honest, I don't really remember mine damn play a player in the house. It's not because of kiss a lot of girls. Do you remember you're like very busy? I remember my first kiss it was outside of a movie theater, and it was very elderly. 15 or 16 15 But what is that sophomore year for us software Junior sophomore junior 14 or 15 movie theater, and it was I'm pretty sure her first kiss or or not experience cuz I do remember kissing and then trying to use tongue and and the weird part was that it was so I thought she was more experience cuz she was the one that is like on stick her tongue in there and it was like a little like I didn't know what to do. I didn't really know what to do to be honest. And like I just had there was this little whirling the effect of Lake Cumberland like hurt a little circle thing and then by just cuz I didn't know better. I started circling back. twister Is that the Mir what no, no, but I do remember that vividly because that's how we Embrace. I guess it was like a like a like a hug like yeah. Yeah, and I just remember your eyes closed or open. I don't remember that but I'm going to assume closed cuz I don't I don't specifically remember but I do remember the tongue thing is I was like that's not exactly how it is. Sounds like a stereotypical first kiss like outside of a movie that that wasn't like it wasn't even up as always thought. It was just a peck right and then we like kissed and then we just stayed there and then the tongue to give him swirling around and then I I didn't know but I mean like and then I started swirling so it sounds like a little swirling for a bit then a little bit a little bit. That's a good for story. Is it necessary for wasn't good, but it was probably really young 9 or 10 wasn't like a tongue thing. I think it was like a spin the bottle was like growing up at neighborhood girls and we write that was so cool. I mean, I thought I was cool, but I didn't get no swirly swirls with tongue. So but I was pretty cool and set it for the first one. I was excited. Are you That's a good one school band banquet. And I remember I asked you for a thousand and then all of our mutual friends started teasing me because I Caillou got rejected and then out of pity. She said I want to be your girlfriend and I was like, it's okay and she like no, I do not like okay, since you became my girlfriend that right there and then we're dancing and then I remember. Gwen Stefani's Hollaback Girl came on and then yeah, she tried to kiss me in the beginning but I moved away is he kissed me on the cheek? And I was like, what am I doing? Cuz I was nervous. Oh, okay. Yeah so near the end of the song like this is bananas b a n What is medium bananas every podcast but I just leaned in and I kissed her and it wasn't there was no swirlies world, but I remember like she did the fish thing. Yeah, but then I don't know how to do that flips. So it's like fighting Ross raggedy. Yeah. I like lava rocks like she's making out with Pele and then after that she moved away and I said, I'm sorry about my lips smell like you did not say that my God. Damn. That's another good story. Oh man, Layman it we're not that cool or not that cool. I'm not your first kiss was just normal. Like he was very like boring. I had no swirlies. No chapped lips it which is like cool Twitter questions. Great question. Also, there's talk of possibly getting a sub rated in terms of like Nigahiga stuff that already was a thing it is but it's not in use. Okay. We're trying to see if that would be something that the oddest know he would want to know if it's something worthwhile investing time into so I guess in the comments if you guys are interested in, you know, being able to connect, you know podcast ideas, you know, anything like that devil is in the YouTube comments and still remember to go and buy What are your favorite YouTubers are doesn't need to be YouTubers any like anyone you really want to see on the podcast going to send them messages and bother them until they're forced to do it. That being said that's another episode of optical podcast sponsored by already knew what it was. I don't know why I did that seat geek podcast, especially for 12 week. We checked both for the question is not just Twitter Instagram as well. So we have these like little things to cover the Mike's cuz David said it's bad to breathe into them, but I don't want to put this on just to do that. It's just ended dude. I'm about to go like this. She's not the same as ruin the Mike's. Okay. Thanks Road. Anyway, that being said. swirlies