I apologize apologize at the time. The funny thing is like even for me like there's a lot of things I didn't notice I did until we started doing this through because when we normally Converse it's like we are pretty much talking like over each other all the time. You don't really notice it until you being in front of a camera. It's very different than in person. Right? Yeah, but the thing is like I think a lot of people don't realize that they're like so irritated that you kept staying on that and seeing not like, you know, maybe you had your point of view and it seemed like you weren't so stubborn.Prove your point. I'll try to prove my point and we just kept crashing and we talking over each other and I was also Loki trolling just a little bit you are trolling in the beginning especially but I think you know when I you know that people don't like it. He won't like me trying. I'm sorry. I'm a naturally I'm at, but I wrote I apologize. I won't do it again or something like that. Dude. You should do it again. I should just what I should do it again. I don't know that David's actually incredibly funny, but he's like dry humor. I have dry humor PS. I'm an ass-whole but it's the way I like lean. I like most people like when you first meet David, it's like you almost have to do it this way more. I feel like cuz you're so blunt and like it says, I'm honest. I like to be honest be honest.Mean it in a I'm honest in a nice. I tried to be nice. But you do the same things that most people to like really said that means true but it seems that people are thinking I just say it because I feel like it's been a noise like a better to say than to just hide it in pretend that you're not really thinking it. That's true. I guess that's I mean, but sometimes I do assume as well that people are thinking something and I say it and then I may be wrong. What like I didn't just kidding but I mean, I just felt like I should have brought that up because last time there was so much negativity and I think people misunderstood you and you were you were like actually kind of down from that for a little bit. I was a little like, you know, cuz I haven't I don't know your audience knows I actually also make YouTube videos. I feel like some people don't even know that they probably at gum just I mean, they know that David makes all a lot of the songs that he makes all the BJs songs. He is David actually started before me making music and then you also dislike little like blogs and slugs YouTuber YouTuber. He saw you first and you got inspired him, but your grandfather YouTube year before me guy I got some white hairs here and see. But traditionally because your brand is so clean and your music's like really nice and it's like when it Love Like Love music and having it is what it is in from what I seen like you've gotten way more hate than you've ever gone throw your career. I think until like this cuz you had a larger I think like the bigger audience gets it sits for the most part you'd get a lot of great comments cuz you so much I want to bring this up because I've been watching all the podcast very closely. The one that Arden was on the last episode. She mentioned how much you work 2 2 episode 13 episodes. That is absolutely true. That means for some of the listeners. Are you bringing that up? Because I think like the success that you've had on YouTube. It's because of your work ethic, you know just for that listeners. I know I I come I come out to Ryan's house probably wants every once a month once a month minute once every two months and you know, he wakes up and starts writing and then we eat some lunch and then he goes back to writing in does that almost every day if he's not shooting? You know, I I as a friend want him to have a good life as well. So I try to you know, I'll be alright, let's go out to get some food outside of your home instead of postmating it you're just adding onto a Darden said about me. I am sorry, but it was true. Ryan does not leave his home. Wow, that was hard. But you know, Your success is deserve well deserved because you do put so much time and energy to create content for your fans. I think it's it's it's that's why that's why you know, you make great content. Thanks. I think you you tried to shift the focus away from your feelings as we were talking about how you felt when you got all that hate for the first time and it also because someone brings up something when we were talking about earlier or yelling at you. Yeah, I'm triggered or were you sad? Is there a difference so he was a little mad, you know, the internet's very quick to judging. You know, I consider myself a pretty nice person in general and when a nice person is getting hate you just feel like it's unfair. I feel like why why me? Yeah. Yeah. I do did I take a dog with the interesting thing is that you're so used to an analytical about you being on YouTube and understanding how you know, even if it's a bunch of people at still a minority and people disliking you your I was surprised at most times you would just kind of drug that off because you understand like it's going to happen. Yeah, but I've never seen it happen to you that much. It's because I've been gone from YouTube for so long and I forgot what it feels like to get hate. I hate me that much hate that much hate. Yeah. Yeah. Is it from their perspective? Yeah, I agree with a lot of those comments in the past. Like, you know, honestly, I didn't even notice it mean either I watched it back and I was like, all he is going to doing that after I saw the comment was like why didn't even really know is how we talk me and David we don't like argue but we go we believe in something. We're not tell Hardware not going to disagree with you to make you feel good. I think we're both like that. Yeah. Yeah and I disagree with everything you just said right now in case there's the troll David coming out. I know we just saw the Kevin Hart thing on Joe Rogan. He just did this thing you want to bring that up because I thought those super interesting we were talking about. Yeah, I think I just saw today was on The Joe Rogan podcast hit Kevin. Hart and Kevin Hart had a super insightful explanation in Lake point of view from to talk about being affected by the comments, right? You know, if you have videos online or whatever and he was basically just saying, I mean, he was kind of bagging on people that you no comment meme comment essential and saying, you know, how do you have so little time or so much time so much time to sit there and like formally thoughts and then sit there and type something negative. What's the purpose for Suburban psych and specially for someone like Kevin Hart who never stops working and he's always doing something, you know, his point of view was like really really smart and I really felt it honestly. Yeah. I mean, I mean you want to talk about like what he was saying is I think it applies to like, you know, what David was saying to the thing as he gets I think he gets it on such a such a bigger level than Give us right it's like you have to like figure it out at some point or going to go crazy. Like cuz if you had that every day, you would have to figure out how to deal with that or else you'd probably like me to press him kill yourself or you wouldn't make videos that you'd be so sad and mad all the time. It would ruin your life. You would have to figure out how to deal with that. I mean, yeah, that's basically what I took from it was just kind of looking at their perspective of like, okay, probably someone who maybe it's a little negative or not doesn't just has a ton of time and they're not really working hard on something for on their own side. You know, that's kind of what I took from it and two, I mean, especially for someone like you too, you're a very busy person to it's like, you know, I mean, yes, you got stuff to do positive things to focus on and yeah, I just felt like he had such a smart like articulative said that the word omelette respond to such a smart way. I mean something similar to a kind of Not really addressing it. I mean I've said it involves before but it's not I didn't make a whole video about it. But the reason behind someone leaving something so negative is because I mean the reason why anyone does anything is for themselves, like you always do it because you think it's going to be make you better not a not a better person just make you feel better or it's it's you that's the reason why everyone does everything you want to feel for yourself. So it's even if it if you make someone mad it'll make you laugh or maybe they're doing it because they want they feel so bad about themselves that they want other people to feel that pain. That's what I think because I felt that before I felt like I want to leave like a negative comment somewhere just because if I was like that person I know that I would be getting these, too. No one's leaving it, you know, like I know it's like I said that I know I would get these responses negative responses and it makes me want to be like man I should get no one to save the negative things. I know that would be said if I said it right, you know, just because you're not popular whatever it is, so Mean there there's understand it. Not that I would do it and I don't because obviously I think my chores but I can see if I was a kid that didn't really upset with my life. And I mean, it doesn't mean it and I'm Anonymous. Nobody knows nobody going to know right I would write some I probably because there's power behind the internet in front of you right now on scene and like you said, I mean what it what I wonder when you guys perspective is Should people be allowed to have like write bad comments and Beach rolls. What do you mean? Yes. Yeah. Yeah, I think there's nothing I mean, honestly. Think you keep need to understand. I think you know what the difference is I grew up playing games and I know you did too. Yeah, and it's so filthy like it's like the worst thing you ever hear people say to you like way worse than some like some comments you read that you become almost like for me and just like that's ridiculous or rediculous is a joke cuz even hurt me so bad that it's a joke. The one that really do her is when it's not necessary hurt, but like when it's a critique and is actually well-thought-out and it's like man, that's kind of true. They're still think that's where it kind of hurts. And I guess who you are as a person I got deep inside they the near like but in a way, I don't think that's bad either think that's good. Sometimes I would agree. I like I like I mean, I don't like it but nobody likes it. But I like critiques constructive process. Yeah, like I like that's how I learned like I disagree with Joe Rogan. He always says don't read the comments because all his guests like why did I disagree? I think I've learned throughout all the years and and try to improve because of the comments and running like a nut taking everything at face value is his perspective is like hey, if you're going to get offended by the common, it's going to change your comedy and I understand that but you just have to know what to do to listen to and what not to do what he's coming where he's coming from but he always instructs his gas. Like in me know people get affected by that to not read the comments and I don't really I don't know. I don't agree with that completely. So I saw it recently that there was a and I only talk about this cuz we just flew on it. There's a thing about Southwest and how was it there or something like that? Cuz if the recent was that crashed Ethiopian Airlines apparently is the second crash of that same type of jet in the same in like flat like less than half a year and I know and I'm thinking about it is because we just I just took a flight to go actually to record with David and we had the crazy. I was one of the craziest flights I've ever been on where I felt like if I were on a roller coaster that feeling when you like right now and it was for a good like sometimes that like 5 Seconds at a time if I wasn't much did Beyonce make up and down but there was a snake some moments where that drop feeling. It didn't seem like we're dropping but it had you had that feeling of being in the air for like 5 Seconds at a time. I was like, this is the craziest thing is not normal people freaking out in the player with some people some kids screaming and like there's people screaming but it was they did warn us and it was super windy. So I'm going to attribute it to that, you know, and I did logically I'm thinking I don't normally get bothered by that stuff that mean either. Yeah, we saw this at istic stew. Like I know that it's like I don't know if I know it's like million won in a like like 10 million or something like that the chance you're going to crash. Right. It's super slippery. You think about it? Every time you fly? I'm sure right I think about not every time I think about every time I fly, I mean that I think about it. I don't I don't really think of you in for like a slight second like this flight, but whatever I've had a I've had a light when I was like, I wasn't even like depressed. I was just like really not having a good day and I don't even care if it crashes that's a really bad. I really had that I was having a very bad day. I think I was a girl problems girls, but I had that feeling I remember the bumpy thing. Like I said, it was super windy. I think there is something specific to like a region know that cuz I think flying in and out of like Vegas is pretty notoriously bad, right? It's something to do with like the temperature differentials. Yeah, and we like go over like the hills in to California where it's never been that bad. No I was and then I read this article and I was like, what is the second one in six? Write a boy. Was it a Boeing seven five or six months or something like that? And what they're saying is they're stopping production on those Jets right now and they're singing Because those crashes were attributed to investigators suspect faulty data feeding into the aircraft's automated flights is crazy. So like who knows like I mean, I don't know if I can be talking about this guy wants like spread fake news, but I just saw this article and would you fight out? I mean like that's what I fly. I'm already fine on it. I know this will you know what? It's not even about the airline because all Airlines have Boeing Boeing airplanes. What's that specific one? I guess that's Pacific Boeing airplane is sold to Southwest Airline have the same pretty much exactly the same. I don't know. Boeing 737 most Airlines use the 737. I think that's what it was talking about. But like if they're having that it I mean I never really liked you even if there are is a plane crashes get well bouquet of 10 million more flights and it won't happen another 10 million or whatever that number is but the fact that has happened that they're acknowledging There's an actual problem. I feel this is the first time actually feel like damn this is risky. Yeah, and it's such a short. Of time by the six months to plane crashes in outlier. I know all the people who are about to have a flight. Sorry. I was coming up. Good luck to you guys on a brighter note. I don't know I wake up north to their that's all I wanted to win the crash one time and all these other crashes r i p to other people is killed like the whole thing everyone on board like over a hundred something people. It's really sad and scariest nightmare. Seriously. Yeah, there are a lot of moments where I'm just thinking what what do I do if it crashes into the ocean? I thought I saw a forest. What if I'm the only one alive. I don't know why I think like I'm the only one alive because I guess if you're dead you would be thinking about it. But like yeah that wouldn't even be in that situation. But if you're alive and it doesn't matter because you could still survive in deep like all the smoke in the in the cargo. So I got to like crawl out of the plane and would have finally scraped my knee on a seeds and bleeding is suspected. Forest you guys do this like this is this is true. I'm not saying this for because it's funny whenever I'm like waiting for my flight and people like Landing Avenue see who's on your flight you guys look I look around you and I'm like, I think like if we get start looking for like on lost, you know, I want to know this guy. I know that's all you do that and then I think that one we would we would eat first what you call that far. I think you're making a joke, but I don't think I'm serious like a terrible now see I didn't even know you were joking to be that guy at the airport to write David David's a cannibal in the comment. Are they going to hurt you that going to hurt your feelings? It's better than saying that I'm okay. David's a cannonball that better about a can of Cannonball cannibal about a can of balls. I like that one the best I can't know why I accept that one more than cannibalism is cannibalism is very I mean like if you were in that situation, it's not is it wrong to eat someone if you're a mean if you're surviving like is cannibalism illegal, I would assume I substitute don't know the laws on it, but I would assume yes like I mean if someone had already died, right I would assume it's probably illegal as well. I would hope so, please don't eat me on Skype passed away and we ate him. Way to jail for that know what it's I don't think it's illegal and I was I remember and I read an article I think is on Vice where guy had to get his foot amputated and he did a tasting for his friends as a real thing as real like he's probably cooked it on like the stove. This is disgusting Tapas is discussing need to the tasting first friends and I think he made like he skewered. Yeah. Yeah, of course something and people hated his own for his foot is your own property right on foot and his friends ate his foot something. Maybe that's the legal document. Maybe me accountable if you want. You know what Ryan if you had dinner balls if you had in like a little tasting event. I probably would try a little piece of your dry my foot as a friend I would do it. Why would I Me a favor and you're not getting my foot would you want would you eat his foot wanted to take it taste? I would maybe smell it. You know what? What you did? I probably smell it first. You know, it's like I saw that this dis meme it was kind of like where do you draw the line and take a picture of like a dog a cat a cow music a vegan thing like we're getting any animals and like why do we draw the line at like cats and dogs and domesticated animal is basically like to live in a house and right so like dogs and cats and like I forget what it what what else is there like parakeets parrots on the safe side specific birds and other side of the line cats and dogs hamsters. And then yeah, we have pets right but like Don't you ever wonder like why don't we eat dogs and cats and like I mean like is there a is there an actual reason why that happened over time? Like I know why do we eat cows? Like do you I mean, I'm going to be like a good sound bite right there. Why don't we eat dogs and cats like how much time do I like history? We've spent with them and so over time, you know the through the domestication of dogs and stuff spent so much time with them. They've left kind of the realm of our food if that sounds you know, that's okay to say into the realm of helping us. I think, you know love like dogs have like loving the kid on attack us or cows smell of do they are freaking cute. Are they like jump in the air? Wiggle no cuddle with you. What do you have a call? Nobi never seem like those videos are like them like being super cute light live by a pastor and they were just smelly and I would feed them like tea leaves and stuff and I would keep my distance cuz they're all like drooling and slimy and there's like thousands of flies on them. I think I mean, I don't want to sound too. I don't know. I would assume most animals can show compassion in one way or at least we can interpret and compassion and then also write a probably learned that over time. I'm sure right like yeah, I think definitely domesticated animals have early dogs specifically have learned and what to do to kind of make a c ukulele to evolve that way I think so. Yeah, so a dog wags its tail That's been bred more than a dog that doesn't and so that's what is essentially became like when they're happy what I mean is like at what point in time did they say I owe you these guys are you know, let's keep this one as a companion distance to this wolf. That's how like a dog is not good. Like this is not a good animal we can still eat that wolf. That's exactly what someone that made a decision seen this dog. Didn't bite me. Maybe it's because I talk to her name is because dogs, they tried it eating them and they didn't taste good. I was going to say that there are places in the world that people still do ek9 like gas. So then my next question is would you guys eat? I mean you would clearly try dog and cat before I would try to work at you really is. I'm trying again. Now. I like what I try. I would try I will try because I'm just very curious person and look if in the past if if a hundred years ago people shoot humankind survive because they were eating dogs and cats are whatever animal for that matter if that was something that kept him nourished and give him energy to to live life into procreate then you know what I got to respect that and I mean if an alien came down here and said why you guys eat these large disgusting animals. What do you eat a pig that eats its own poop. Like why are you eating these dirty dirty animals, you know an alien come down and say that and we wouldn't have a good answer for it and we can say taste good but I'm have never tried dog or cat. So I can't say if it tastes good. What if we try and it's really good, you know, it could be I mean, I don't you think you'd be able to try and I think if I was in dire situation I would but I wouldn't want to just for the fact of saying that if people know that I ate a. I have dogs and I think the three of us we love dogs huge dog lover. I like dogs more than people sometimes and like but I would try it out of respect to those who have it so I can if it's a part of their culture or whatever I would just try it, but I wouldn't feel good about it. Because I love dogs. I think they're one of the best things at world has to offer even things I don't think I could as much as I kind of want to side with what you're saying is like you were starving that's completely different. I think I think I had like that like the options open to whatever it was to not disrespect someone or something I have to I don't know. I'd have to respectfully decline in the most respectable way. It would yeah. Yeah, I think he's different too because some people think I'm sure there's people place places in the world where some people think how do you eat cows or how do you eat this, you know there it's on that same side. They have either like a religious reason or more some reason of morality, right? And so I don't know who am I to say that there are strong and that is not culture, you know, when I hear about like like and see videos of like those video. Should I make you a vegan selfish to give up something. I love that much. That's a super honest thing to say. I know I like I agree. I'm like, this is messed up what they're doing to these animals, but like because I'm not seeing it every day. I think that's why I got it makes I feel bad but then I don't change and I think that's selfish. But like that's also part of my upbringing like I wasn't taught this it hadn't been taught this from when I was a little kid I think would be different. I think I would have grew up differently. I don't know. I don't know how you guys feel about that. But I feel like that's like I agree actually with a lot of what vegans I know you don't necessarily think the same way but I agree with a lot of like that. What do you call those big photos that I don't know. I think it's okay to eat meat right? I don't think it's okay to do what they do to get that meat slaughter houses in Nazarene General. I know that it's necessary to keep humans alive. Yes, and no I would think it if you get rid of that. Yeah, I think it's more. So at least the way I look at it is just the way that it's I think there is a morally sound way to like yes and there are tons and tons of people to do it. Yeah, but yeah, once you start getting to this Mass scale a lot of those things that I value the the importance of them goes down and so I mean when it comes in like me my own personal opinion on it, I don't really buy like those, you know that the the wrapped Meats in the store cuz I really want to have at least some sense of like, okay, I know where this steak is coming from right now like what the conditions are, you know what I mean? And I think that you know, you have a choice and you're exercising the choice and I think the markets if enough people make the same decision that is you do you say I don't want this like mass-produced whatever meet I want this meat that was you know where the animals are treated. Better I think it's more as if a lot of people request that the market will adjust to it, you know before people didn't care about organic stuff. Now they do because people requesting it and also it is in terms of like the right way of treating animals food. I think anyway you do it. I mean there are better ways than you know. But yes, it's always going to be brutal at the end of the day cuz you're killing an animal sure you looking to Animal Kingdom, you know a tiger, you know attacks of a deer it it's gruesome. It's it's it is and that's the circle of life and you know, We need to eat. Yeah, and what the difference is though that the the deer has an opportunity to get away? Right. Yeah, the deer isn't isn't it. You're not putting the deer in a cage and sending a tiger into the cage sure. So, I mean it's a little different cuz your whole life. I think that's what people are. That's the inhumane part about it. Is that like like if you didn't have brains or thought or feelings or anything and it would be fine for people. Yeah. It was just a slimy that grows bigger with no consciousness kill any animal. Yeah. I know but I don't I don't necessarily agree with that. But I do agree with that. I mean solder houses and stuff like that on you see the line through pain and stops production. How should I think there's better ways you could probably do that and that's not as natural. But I also understand I've seen the argument on the other side, like what people would starve. Yeah. I don't know if it's true. But I mean, I understand people get so upset and Trey. Over things like this, right and that's going to be a little careful but in all reality and I thought about this before all this like you should we have with if you really bring it back to its foundation and I was thinking like this is I know it's not good. But if you really bring everything back in like if there was war there if there was chaos, there's a alien abduction Alien Invasion, and we're so we're trying to survive nobody's going to Care like if your people are starving we're just fortunate we're not fortunate enough place in life to worry about these little minuscule things not saying that it's minuscule, right but like if like she was going down, right and everyone is trying to survive in there. It's every man for themselves, right? There's chaos world is ending we would not those same people would not be like, hey, we can't I don't think I don't think so. I don't think maybe focus on Surviving we could still be vegan, but they wouldn't be like, hey, you shouldn't do that. You know that we live in a society where we we we have the luxury of making It's like, you know the seasons of our school prom decisions, like, you know, I don't like the color of this whatever organic vs. GMO give the people in Walking Dead like GMOs and I like in that world GMO genetically modified, you know that option of having food in the constant food coming in and then raising cattle and then putting them in cages and stuff so that they can get food. You wouldn't say like, oh my gosh, you're immoral you did like they're trying to survive, but that's I mean, we're in a place where we're lucky enough. We don't need that. That's why we can complain about it. I mean everyone's got to eat and everyone got to pee. So I'll National Okay, what do you want people are not going to believe you're a singer was like this. Go on break early scopes. And we're you can do it. Sorry. I've seen enough episodes where I know what you say. And we're back. You don't know how to do it. I'm still practicing. Yeah. I still I'm still learning stupid to know. Are the kids at that that follow in their to us stupid? I'm too stupid to ask in a while is it was it was just just passed we get another rush hour while I saw a picture of him and Chris Tucker and they're like, they did some kind of poison. I read a post into doing another Rush Hour 4. I think why like, I don't know I heard is true. I maybe I'll look it up. I love Jackie Chan. I mean as an Asian-American he's he really was one of the guys who paved the way to making Asians Asian stereotype of martial arts stronger than ever. Able to relate, you know see that there are some Asian American actors that can have a successful film in the gap between asian-americans and the black community through Chris Tucker in that movie and his movies were funny. They were they were it was just so many like and it was a love that cat movies some of my favorites. Also Chris Tucker said a fourth film was definitely pass a possibility didn't say they're doing it. It's not in reproduction are working a few things for the scripts. They are working on something but you said Jackie Chan what to do if you want to do it and the students do it. So it's going to happen most likely that's awesome dude. That is awesome lot of respect for for 65 year old to do stunts like that and he does his own stunts. That's also like who does that anymore guess Tom Cruise, but it's true. That is true. You guys have a favorite Jackie Chan movie that you remember from childhood that you could like watch at any point Rush Hour. Rush Hour Drunken Master rush hour is my favorite in the Bronx Meals on Wheels. Hello know. These are all his movies when he was really young. Yes. I ever watch Rumble in the Bronx. How old are you? You didn't speak Asian fake fictions. Honestly go back and watch on the Rocks is really good and honorable legend of the Drunken Master. He's like this. I didn't see that his dad is in Kung Fu Master and then he like learns his other stuff. I think I saw Jackie Chan later in his career. Like when he was doing funny things mangas actions. They were funny really they were really funny is happening every movie. He's always been like this little sense of humor is what I'm sayin comedy. I was buying those two words. And then just crazy crazy amount of Staunton action, but I would go back and watch as a really good. I would say my favorite the movies Jackie Chan and I didn't bring up you brought you just thought you just you just thought of as topical. Can I decide to cry makes you feel kind of old yourself to think like wow, this guy's been around that long. He played the using Karate Kid. The new one was a good we are on three different what happens if she's not seeing each other ready hands in we're back in sync and we're back. Sorry got distracted during the she break cuz one of my fish has a bubble bites, but congratulations Ryan. Thanks, man. So what am I have a guppy have a lot of Guppies, but they're in this big tank and one of them is giving birth and I never I never see it. I never see it happening. And I finally there's like a little bubble there. So it's like the sack thing coming out and we were just waiting for it. It's not happening. But at the same time you don't want to miss it. I don't want to miss it. This is the first time I'm seeing it happen and we're here. So to do late this podcast you're missing your friend. Mike Feist. You're making my grand fish are in fish. Grandkids. You know what though? I'd still eat fish. There you go. And I love fish. Boom. I love fish. Yeah, I still eat it last night. I did we had sushi meat or fish. What would make the rest your life call sheet meets. Yeah, cuz then I would have to eat fish now just a little I mean other than sushi. I want you you don't know I know but he doesn't meet is like burgers and like steak that's true in like peppers A much wider. Like there's more healthier for you, but would you choose? I don't know that made guy. I do like me, but I do like I mean eating fishes. I feel like it's good for you people to buy his Sorcerers that eat a lot of fish are usually play live longer fish that we have now and there's too much mercury in it. I think so for sure like there's a lot of fish in every Ocean or is it only specific oceans? How do you know I'm not an expert, but I know that when people eat too much fish do they get mercury poisoning happens a lot same way that like I was saying like I don't get to see the negative parts of like, you know, like the slaughtering of animals all the time. So I kind of just don't think about it and you kind of like it's not selfish. But at the same time it's understandable that you don't see something that often. Everything about it all the time by disconnect. I heard like back when there was a tsunami in Japan that you know, all that radioactive material into the water and it was constantly spreading further and further and further remember like this had so many years from now every fish that's imported from there that you're eating is going to be in like 9 happening and eating fish. I haven't I haven't changed because I haven't but if I read the article like today, I probably like maybe I won't eat sushi today, but I'll probably eat it like who they are in the week in like, I mean the power of media, I mean they can you know, when you're right you can change corporation like that. You just told people. Hey, this is this is a story we want to put out we want to put an emphasis on the fact that were cleaning it up another the radiation in the in the ocean as opposed to them coming up with the story. This radiation is starting to affect everyone's fish. Like that's that's the power that like the corpora. In a separate know but this is related to what you're talking about earlier is people don't really care about the lives of fish which is kind of crazy with you at all. When we were animals and mammals. Like they're very heavily have emotions their feelings of a blonde that kind of stuff right fish. It's very rare to have someone like defend fish in that way cuz I going to start fishing that was one thing was like, how do I dispose of the fish like in a amorah way right and like some people say like hit it over the head right and it'll just knock it's lights out and whether or not that's you know, whether it was insane or whatever just can't let it snow let it suffocated I think was a place of water and scream Or make noise. I can't relate to it as much and they're all in the water. So we don't see them all the time. If you if you were to catch a cow right by shoving a hook through its through its mouth and I hooked onto its mouth and it was like going crazy and screaming you be like damn. This is hard to watch with a fish flopping around cute it snow in Sea of blood coming out. Actually. I still kind of like feel bad for all I do to that knows like when I start fishing I kind of was like I need to figure out a way of like how to morally dispose after I catch in one E1 to eat it right. I mean if we were to ask the fish, what do you think the fish would say what it would have said, you know actually did the best thing for me is you probably should cut off my fin first I prefer like it's like it's like asking someone, you know, like imagine if the fish could talk. Yeah. There is a way to Morley do it at the fish knows. That's the least painful. Let me like someone asking you I'm going to eat you what how do you want me to kill you? Or is it like brain? What if what if by hitting in the head with your act would have your stimulating something in the fish or like knocking now, but they can still feel that's scary. But regardless, I mean, it's I mean, I think it's people don't feel a certain way about fish for that exact reason though still right don't care as much about reptiles by the sleep. You said earlier about that up in the beginning one of my favorite comments. I read on one of the last podcast. I don't remember it specifically but it said something along the lines of how I always wear a sweater right but I like wearing sweaters, but and I'm look how Xion warm and then you paint over the Ryan t-shirt sweaty and if, it was like I just I'm so confused on what the temperature is in this room or how big is this room? Like it's not that big. Let me say is it's cold it is cold here. Ryan can handle the cold Like A Champion, like it'll be loved it super cold outside, You're definitely will always say it like going to be tough know. I love the code and where you from Hawaii and here's my explanation for that you grew up in Hawaii. At least for me. I grow up. It's so hot there, right and there's no AC all the sweating yet. And it's the most uncomfortable thing cuz it's so like human people in Singapore. You guys can probably relate except you guys are rich enough to have a c I didn't have a see it was horrible. The only time it felt great when you walk inside supermarkets or like places that were cold. Was such a luxury to that one friend who had a c and they were like rich and I was always like so excited to go to their house and it was so nice to step in there. And ever since then, I guess I grew up just appreciate in the cold was it do you think growing up was it a thing of money to have an AC or was it just the homes? Like maybe when your parents bought homes back in the day? Maybe it was just like people didn't think they needed they see is because it was like cool like we were like not rich. We were like I would say and they still would spy parents just like that's a waste of money. Yeah and actually ended ended up getting them a c but my mom was like I don't we don't need that right? So it's just in the living room and in my back, but it's it's I don't know. Yeah, it was still considered a guy. I think it's expensive. It's like a waste of money but it's so ugly. And I think that's why III love the cold and also I sweat use the same way and he's from Hawaii. He is on to something damned if there are any Hawaiians out there do you like to call and I mean, I think I think that's me. That's why people think all your, why you should like the warm ya know. I think like people who grow up in like really cold like Minnesota, right? You would like the warm because you hate the cold there right people when they moved everything moved from the Midwest or something or somewhere where it's really cold out of harsh Winters and we'd like California. They're like, oh my God the weather. I mean it is nice and singaporeans are like me cuz it's so hot. They just love the cold. The thing is they have AC. Could you imagine not having AC in Las Vegas? We would probably be dead dude. You really think about it? She went down right and left electricity got cut out. I think we're dead. We're just talking about what would happen like we would I mean during the summer hits like a hundred 15° 220. Sometimes I am in the middle of the desert like if there's a God apocalypse, right and we're all locked in here. We'd be dead during the summer. What would you do if there's nothing like how would we survive have to find just some shade or some water or something? That's what they did back then. Yeah. I mean did you wouldn't want to live in live in the desert back? Then? We got tricked the living out your people do that mean that's how we're that's how Humanity Kingdom in the dentist today. Will they had to live through it? I mean, I mean they went through but they're not like, hey, let's settle right here and shows the human spirit. I wonder how fast we can adjust our that we have like a kid who was born into a climate and then is raised their whole life. But if if all the sudden everything just like all our luxuries got shut off wonder how fast we would have just to like our environment. Will we evolve as humans with the the next generation of kids behave like really hot skin when they're both in their body temperature naturally at 105 instead of 98.6. I don't know damn never know. I don't know why I brought that up all you know why I brought that we're listening to a book called. I was pretty highly recommend. It was a long drive really cool super interested. But if you would have saw us from an outside perspective like three guys, just sitting there listening to this book. That sounds like a British lecture from like a college like what's this doing that we do for fun. We were like genuinely into it. No, I mean I thought they were just talking about like, I don't know. How did you learn leave one thing you learn from this podcast? See any way to start like going to school reading more become Scholars, you know, we should do is listen to more like educational stuff and they will regurgitate and then I'll tell him way for dumb people because I don't like listening to smart people talk it gets boring, you know, because I'm not smart my first lesson to dig two plus two equals four. I mean I say dumb, I mean like, Alarm, thanks for coming to my TED talk. I don't mean like we don't think I just mean that we're not necessarily Harvard grads, you know, I got accepted to USC and I was going to go for music business, right? And then that was a time. I got signed to a publishing deal for a company called Warner Chappell music and I chose that dropped out because I don't want him to pursue YouTube and will drop. As well. Yeah birthday theme. We will do our best to get more educational things and dumb it down for you. Naturally. That you guys are dumb. It's cuz we're dumb we are dumb, but we'll make it fun to try. So what do we learn from sapiens? That humans are strong. That's not the book yet. I feel like I learn to actually a lot. I didn't really thought about how there was multiple species of like Quantico humans Sat one at 1 and then what we are today is homo sapiens, but there was like the Neanderthals are Neanderthals. That's how you pronounce and like all these other ones and little ones that survived. We don't really know. I don't think how we became the last ones to survive there. He was definitely text Predators. He was saying that could have been like we could have extinguish that what I found out was that because and this is the only thing I really only took away this but I thought it was so interesting that how he was saying we've evolved so that our brains are bigger than like apes right. And the reason the reason why we're so weak is because our brains are so big and it requires so much. We compared to the the chimpanzees in the Apes that are exactly yeah, and he was saying that and what would make us talk? He didn't say this. This is us, you know hearing that in going on, you know, how they draw aliens and they show aliens like your stereotypical alien has a gigantic head in a smaller body and you know, you know, that's your stereotypical alien a small body can take him at least I should be here at 8 if you think about it, what if they're just the evolved versions of humans because I mean that there's a conspiracy theory already that that's what it is. Yeah that aliens are just super evolved Human Arc Theory time now my favorite physical strength, which is like what animals have to speed and nitrites human beings come to evolve to become a society where you don't need to actually physically fight because we're smart. We have we learned that our brains make us the most Cuz we can shoot week invented guns. We can shoot an ape whereas if we didn't have it. We're going one-on-one physical battle that it would tear us apart yet. But because of our brain is the most powerful gift. That's what that also is why we're so physically weak. There's nothing that the strong as an even as smart as a human because it'll be too much energy to repower that brain something like that. So what if aliens that means what kick some alien ass physically, but then they'd probably have super guns and then Super shoot us know they're already we're already in they're gone. We're in their world that they created that's like her dummy Homosapien with I got super guns and they said you could shoot us. They got super goodness. You know, what we're going to listen to more update you guys. I think it's been like yeah, I'd I really think you're leaving you got to come back. Yeah, you got to be we got to get more negative. Yes guys leave some negative comments for David, please David album the cannibal cannibal balls. You didn't have to take it there. But I really think we should we should learn more so that we can be going to get better at this. You got to help educate our listeners. Yeah. I feel like I'm as we do the podcast. I realize that being able to like conversate and watch it back. It's pretty crazy. Like how you feel. Like I feel like Paco naturally is a good, not good at holding a conversation and speaking until I got love to talk. He loves to talk and I feel like it's hard. It's a hard to deal out of everybody in our specie. I was like that he needs to be on it. Cuz this is his gift basket for him. Sure. You'll do what you said. You would want to do his own way, but when he's just being him like that's Yeah. When he's like not trying to make you laugh, it's funny to me and you can see it through the podcast because that's exactly what it is. I think he would love to hear us sing this type of thing for you going to watch this. Watch this. I don't think you I mean if he does he know that we're at War ending since he probably would have skipped it like the ending epochal your great person or not tomorrow, I guess when this comes out he just came back, I guess. Yeah with that being said wrap this up, but I do think man. I wish I had brought this up earlier, but the whole alien thing cuz I think that's where I wanted something I think so too. And I don't think we're the first ones that I've had. I've seen something similar. I just don't remember the videos and you can continue this in the next episode of off the pill. I like these topics with David because David I know he thinks about these he's more skeptical than I am. Yeah, and he brings like that a nice side of that. I'm not pretty skeptical too though, but I like to have fun. We'll talk about it next time with David then yeah, sounds good. Okay. Well, thanks again for doing to the thanks for tuning in to the off the pill podcast. Remember our Twitter is at off the pill Instagram is at off the pill podcast. We still can't like you. Do, you know people there right? Like could we just get both of them to sail to go podcast off the pill will look into it. I mean you could look into it. I don't really know people there. I need to step my Instagram game on will you do it? I've been good. Yeah, and I see you've been good to you leave you do stories and stuff. I do story. Sometimes we didn't do viewer questions this week. But this my favorite part. I know sorry guys having said Not ended yet 3 2. Why do people hate this part and I feel like when I asked him the purple elephants David is a can of David and it is a can of balls like that. Would that I mean, they probably if you didn't make it that far you probably won't Whatever cannibals.I apologize apologize at the time. The funny thing is like even for me like there's a lot of things I didn't notice I did until we started doing this through because when we normally Converse it's like we are pretty much talking like over each other all the time. You don't really notice it until you being in front of a camera. It's very different than in person. Right? Yeah, but the thing is like I think a lot of people don't realize that they're like so irritated that you kept staying on that and seeing not like, you know, maybe you had your point of view and it seemed like you weren't so stubborn.Prove your point. I'll try to prove my point and we just kept crashing and we talking over each other and I was also Loki trolling just a little bit you are trolling in the beginning especially but I think you know when I you know that people don't like it. He won't like me trolling. I'm sorry. I'm a naturally I'm at, but I wrote I apologize. I won't do it again or something like that. Dude. You should do it again. I should just what I should do it again. I don't know that David's actually incredibly funny, but he's like dry humor. I have dry humor PS. I'm an ass-whole but it's the way I like lean. I like most people like when you first meet David, it's like you almost have to do it this way more. I feel like cuz you're so blunt and like it says, I'm honest. I like to be honest be honest.Mean it in a I'm honest in a nice. I tried to be nice. But you do the same things that most people to like really said that means true but it seems that people are thinking I just say it because I feel like it's been a noise like a better to say than to just hide it in pretend that you're not really thinking it. That's true. I guess that's I mean, but sometimes I do assume as well that people are thinking something and I say it and then I may be wrong. What like I didn't just kidding but I mean, I just felt like I should have brought that up because last time there was so much negativity and I think people misunderstood you and you were you were like actually kind of down from that for a little bit. I was a little like, you know, cuz I haven't I don't know your audience knows I actually also make YouTube videos. I feel like some people don't even know that they probably at gum just I mean, they know that David makes all a lot of the songs that he makes all the BJs songs. He is David actually started before me making music and then you also dislike little like blogs and slugs YouTuber YouTuber. He saw you first and you got inspired him, but your grandfather YouTube year before me guy I got some white hairs here and see. But traditionally because your brand is so clean and your music's like really nice and it's like when it Love Like Love music and having it is what it is in from what I seen like you've gotten way more hate than you've ever gone throw your career. I think until like this cuz you had a larger I think like the bigger audience gets it sits for the most part you'd get a lot of great comments cuz you so much I want to bring this up because I've been watching all the podcast very closely. The one that Arden was on the last episode. She mentioned how much you work 2 2 episode 13 episodes. That is absolutely true. That means for some of the listeners. Are you bringing that up? Because I think like the success that you've had on YouTube. It's because of your work ethic, you know just for that listeners. I know I I come I come out to Ryan's house probably wants every once a month once a month minute once every two months and you know, he wakes up and starts writing and then we eat some lunch and then he goes back to writing in does that almost every day if he's not shooting? You know, I I as a friend want him to have a good life as well. So I try to you know, I'll be alright, let's go out to get some food outside of your home instead of postmating it you're just adding onto a Darden said about me. I am sorry, but it was true. Ryan does not leave his home. Wow, that was hard. But you know, Your success is deserve well deserved because you do put so much time and energy to create content for your fans. I think it's it's it's that's why that's why you know, you make great content. Thanks. I think you you tried to shift the focus away from your feelings as we were talking about how you felt when you got all that hate for the first time and it also because someone brings up something when we were talking about earlier or yelling at you. Yeah, I'm triggered or were you sad? Is there a difference so he was a little mad, you know, the internet's very quick to judging. You know, I consider myself a pretty nice person in general and when a nice person is getting hate you just feel like it's unfair. I feel like why why me? Yeah. Yeah. I do did I take a dog with the interesting thing is that you're so used to an analytical about you being on YouTube and understanding how you know, even if it's a bunch of people at still a minority and people disliking you your I was surprised at most times you would just kind of drug that off because you understand like it's going to happen. Yeah, but I've never seen it happen to you that much. It's because I've been gone from YouTube for so long and I forgot what it feels like to get hate. I hate me that much hate that much hate. Yeah. Yeah. Is it from their perspective? Yeah, I agree with a lot of those comments in the past. Like, you know, honestly, I didn't even notice it mean either I watched it back and I was like, all he is going to doing that after I saw the comment was like why didn't even really know is how we talk me and David we don't like argue but we go we believe in something. We're not tell Hardware not going to disagree with you to make you feel good. I think we're both like that. Yeah. Yeah and I disagree with everything you just said right now in case there's the troll David coming out. I know we just saw the Kevin Hart thing on Joe Rogan. He just did this thing you want to bring that up because I thought those super interesting we were talking about. Yeah, I think I just saw today was on The Joe Rogan podcast hit Kevin. Hart and Kevin Hart had a super insightful explanation in Lake point of view from to talk about being affected by the comments, right? You know, if you have videos online or whatever and he was basically just saying, I mean, he was kind of bagging on people that you no comment meme comment essential and saying, you know, how do you have so little time or so much time so much time to sit there and like formally thoughts and then sit there and type something negative. What's the purpose for Suburban psych and specially for someone like Kevin Hart who never stops working and he's always doing something, you know, his point of view was like really really smart and I really felt it honestly. Yeah. I mean, I mean you want to talk about like what he was saying is I think it applies to like, you know, what David was saying to the thing as he gets I think he gets it on such a such a bigger level than Give us right it's like you have to like figure it out at some point or going to go crazy. Like cuz if you had that every day, you would have to figure out how to deal with that or else you'd probably like me to press him kill yourself or you wouldn't make videos that you'd be so sad and mad all the time. It would ruin your life. You would have to figure out how to deal with that. I mean, yeah, that's basically what I took from it was just kind of looking at their perspective of like, okay, probably someone who maybe it's a little negative or not doesn't just has a ton of time and they're not really working hard on something for on their own side. You know, that's kind of what I took from it and two, I mean, especially for someone like you too, you're a very busy person to it's like, you know, I mean, yes, you got stuff to do positive things to focus on and yeah, I just felt like he had such a smart like articulative said that the word omelette respond to such a smart way. I mean something similar to a kind of Not really addressing it. I mean I've said it involves before but it's not I didn't make a whole video about it. But the reason behind someone leaving something so negative is because I mean the reason why anyone does anything is for themselves, like you always do it because you think it's going to be make you better not a not a better person just make you feel better or it's it's you that's the reason why everyone does everything you want to feel for yourself. So it's even if it if you make someone mad it'll make you laugh or maybe they're doing it because they want they feel so bad about themselves that they want other people to feel that pain. That's what I think because I felt that before I felt like I want to leave like a negative comment somewhere just because if I was like that person I know that I would be getting these, too. No one's leaving it, you know, like I know it's like I said that I know I would get these responses negative responses and it makes me want to be like man I should get no one to save the negative things. I know that would be said if I said it right, you know, just because you're not popular whatever it is, so Mean there there's understand it. Not that I would do it and I don't because obviously I think my chores but I can see if I was a kid that didn't really upset with my life. And I mean, it doesn't mean it and I'm Anonymous. Nobody knows nobody going to know right I would write some I probably because there's power behind the internet in front of you right now on scene and like you said, I mean what it what I wonder when you guys perspective is Should people be allowed to have like write bad comments and Beach rolls. What do you mean? Yes. Yeah. Yeah, I think there's nothing I mean, honestly. Think you keep need to understand. I think you know what the difference is I grew up playing games and I know you did too. Yeah, and it's so filthy like it's like the worst thing you ever hear people say to you like way worse than some like some comments you read that you become almost like for me and just like that's ridiculous or rediculous is a joke cuz even hurt me so bad that it's a joke. The one that really do her is when it's not necessary hurt, but like when it's a critique and is actually well-thought-out and it's like man, that's kind of true. They're still think that's where it kind of hurts. And I guess who you are as a person I got deep inside they the near like but in a way, I don't think that's bad either think that's good. Sometimes I would agree. I like I like I mean, I don't like it but nobody likes it. But I like critiques constructive process. Yeah, like I like that's how I learned like I disagree with Joe Rogan. He always says don't read the comments because all his guests like why did I disagree? I think I've learned throughout all the years and and try to improve because of the comments and running like a nut taking everything at face value is his perspective is like hey, if you're going to get offended by the common, it's going to change your comedy and I understand that but you just have to know what to do to listen to and what not to do what he's coming where he's coming from but he always instructs his gas. Like in me know people get affected by that to not read the comments and I don't really I don't know. I don't agree with that completely. So I saw it recently that there was a and I only talk about this cuz we just flew on it. There's a thing about Southwest and how was it there or something like that? Cuz if the recent was that crashed Ethiopian Airlines apparently is the second crash of that same type of jet in the same in like flat like less than half a year and I know and I'm thinking about it is because we just I just took a flight to go actually to record with David and we had the crazy. I was one of the craziest flights I've ever been on where I felt like if I were on a roller coaster that feeling when you like right now and it was for a good like sometimes that like 5 Seconds at a time if I wasn't much did Beyonce make up and down but there was a snake some moments where that drop feeling. It didn't seem like we're dropping but it had you had that feeling of being in the air for like 5 Seconds at a time. I was like, this is the craziest thing is not normal people freaking out in the player with some people some kids screaming and like there's people screaming but it was they did warn us and it was super windy. So I'm going to attribute it to that, you know, and I did logically I'm thinking I don't normally get bothered by that stuff that mean either. Yeah, we saw this at istic stew. Like I know that it's like I don't know if I know it's like million won in a like like 10 million or something like that the chance you're going to crash. Right. It's super slippery. You think about it? Every time you fly? I'm sure right I think about not every time I think about every time I fly, I mean that I think about it. I don't I don't really think of you in for like a slight second like this flight, but whatever I've had a I've had a light when I was like, I wasn't even like depressed. I was just like really not having a good day and I don't even care if it crashes that's a really bad. I really had that I was having a very bad day. I think I was a girl problems girls, but I had that feeling I remember the bumpy thing. Like I said, it was super windy. I think there is something specific to like a region know that cuz I think flying in and out of like Vegas is pretty notoriously bad, right? It's something to do with like the temperature differentials. Yeah, and we like go over like the hills in to California where it's never been that bad. No I was and then I read this article and I was like, what is the second one in six? Write a boy. Was it a Boeing seven five or six months or something like that? And what they're saying is they're stopping production on those Jets right now and they're singing Because those crashes were attributed to investigators suspect faulty data feeding into the aircraft's automated flights is crazy. So like who knows like I mean, I don't know if I can be talking about this guy wants like spread fake news, but I just saw this article and would you fight out? I mean like that's what I fly. I'm already fine on it. I know this will you know what? It's not even about the airline because all Airlines have Boeing Boeing airplanes. What's that specific one? I guess that's Pacific Boeing airplane is sold to Southwest Airline have the same pretty much exactly the same. I don't know. Boeing 737 most Airlines use the 737. I think that's what it was talking about. But like if they're having that it I mean I never really liked you even if there are is a plane crashes get well bouquet of 10 million more flights and it won't happen another 10 million or whatever that number is but the fact that has happened that they're acknowledging There's an actual problem. I feel this is the first time actually feel like damn this is risky. Yeah, and it's such a short. Of time by the six months to plane crashes in outlier. I know all the people who are about to have a flight. Sorry. I was coming up. Good luck to you guys on a brighter note. I don't know I wake up north to their that's all I wanted to win the crash one time and all these other crashes r i p to other people is killed like the whole thing everyone on board like over a hundred something people. It's really sad and scariest nightmare. Seriously. Yeah, there are a lot of moments where I'm just thinking what what do I do if it crashes into the ocean? I thought I saw a forest. What if I'm the only one alive. I don't know why I think like I'm the only one alive because I guess if you're dead you would be thinking about it. But like yeah that wouldn't even be in that situation. But if you're alive and it doesn't matter because you could still survive in deep like all the smoke in the in the cargo. So I got to like crawl out of the plane and would have finally scraped my knee on a seeds and bleeding is suspected. Forest you guys do this like this is this is true. I'm not saying this for because it's funny whenever I'm like waiting for my flight and people like Landing Avenue see who's on your flight you guys look I look around you and I'm like, I think like if we get start looking for like on lost, you know, I want to know this guy. I know that's all you do that and then I think that one we would we would eat first what you call that far. I think you're making a joke, but I don't think I'm serious like a terrible now see I didn't even know you were joking to be that guy at the airport to write David David's a cannibal in the comment. Are they going to hurt you that going to hurt your feelings? It's better than saying that I'm okay. David's a cannonball that better about a can of Cannonball cannibal about a can of balls. I like that one the best I can't know why I accept that one more than cannibalism is cannibalism is very I mean like if you were in that situation, it's not is it wrong to eat someone if you're a mean if you're surviving like is cannibalism illegal, I would assume I substitute don't know the laws on it, but I would assume yes like I mean if someone had already died, right I would assume it's probably illegal as well. I would hope so, please don't eat me on Skype passed away and we ate him. Way to jail for that know what it's I don't think it's illegal and I was I remember and I read an article I think is on Vice where guy had to get his foot amputated and he did a tasting for his friends as a real thing as real like he's probably cooked it on like the stove. This is disgusting Tapas is discussing need to the tasting first friends and I think he made like he skewered. Yeah. Yeah, of course something and people hated his own for his foot is your own property right on foot and his friends ate his foot something. Maybe that's the legal document. Maybe me accountable if you want. You know what Ryan if you had dinner balls if you had in like a little tasting event. I probably would try a little piece of your dry my foot as a friend I would do it. Why would I Me a favor and you're not getting my foot would you want would you eat his foot wanted to take it taste? I would maybe smell it. You know what? What you did? I probably smell it first. You know, it's like I saw that this dis meme it was kind of like where do you draw the line and take a picture of like a dog a cat a cow music a vegan thing like we're getting any animals and like why do we draw the line at like cats and dogs and domesticated animal is basically like to live in a house and right so like dogs and cats and like I forget what it what what else is there like parakeets parrots on the safe side specific birds and other side of the line cats and dogs hamsters. And then yeah, we have pets right but like Don't you ever wonder like why don't we eat dogs and cats and like I mean like is there a is there an actual reason why that happened over time? Like I know why do we eat cows? Like do you I mean, I'm going to be like a good sound bite right there. Why don't we eat dogs and cats like how much time do I like history? We've spent with them and so over time, you know the through the domestication of dogs and stuff spent so much time with them. They've left kind of the realm of our food if that sounds you know, that's okay to say into the realm of helping us. I think, you know love like dogs have like loving the kid on attack us or cows smell of do they are freaking cute. Are they like jump in the air? Wiggle no cuddle with you. What do you have a call? Nobi never seem like those videos are like them like being super cute light live by a pastor and they were just smelly and I would feed them like tea leaves and stuff and I would keep my distance cuz they're all like drooling and slimy and there's like thousands of flies on them. I think I mean, I don't want to sound too. I don't know. I would assume most animals can show compassion in one way or at least we can interpret and compassion and then also write a probably learned that over time. I'm sure right like yeah, I think definitely domesticated animals have early dogs specifically have learned and what to do to kind of make a c ukulele to evolve that way I think so. Yeah, so a dog wags its tail That's been bred more than a dog that doesn't and so that's what is essentially became like when they're happy what I mean is like at what point in time did they say I owe you these guys are you know, let's keep this one as a companion distance to this wolf. That's how like a dog is not good. Like this is not a good animal we can still eat that wolf. That's exactly what someone that made a decision seen this dog. Didn't bite me. Maybe it's because I talk to her name is because dogs, they tried it eating them and they didn't taste good. I was going to say that there are places in the world that people still do ek9 like gas. So then my next question is would you guys eat? I mean you would clearly try dog and cat before I would try to work at you really is. I'm trying again. Now. I like what I try. I would try I would try because I'm just very curious person and look if in the past if if a hundred years ago people shoot humankind survived because they were eating dogs and cats or whatever animal for that matter. If that was something that kept him nourished and give him energy to to live life into procreate then you know what I got to respect that and I mean if an alien came down here and said why you guys eat these large disgusting animals. What do you eat a pig that eats its own poop. Like why are you eating these dirty dirty animals, you know an alien come down and say that and we wouldn't have a good answer for it and we can say taste good but I'm have never tried dog or cat. So I can't say if it tastes good. What if we try and it's really good, you know, it could be I mean, I don't you think you'd be able to try and I think if I was in dire situation I would but I wouldn't want to just for the fact of saying that if people know that I ate a. I have dogs and I think the three of us we love dogs huge dog lover. I like dogs more than people sometimes and like but I would try it out of respect to those who have it so I can if it's a part of their culture or whatever I would just try it, but I wouldn't feel good about it. Because I love dogs. I think they're one of the best things at world has to offer even things I don't think I could as much as I kind of want to side with what you're saying is like you were starving that's completely different. I think I think I had like that like the options open to whatever it was to not disrespect someone or something I have to I don't know. I'd have to respectfully decline in the most respectable way. It would yeah. Yeah, I think he's different too because some people think I'm sure there's people place places in the world where some people think how do you eat cows or how do you eat this, you know there it's on that same side. They have either like a religious reason or more some reason of morality, right? And so I don't know who am I to say that there are strong and that is not culture, you know, when I hear about like like and see videos of like those video. Should I make you a vegan selfish to give up something. I love that much. That's a super honest thing to say. I know I like I agree. I'm like, this is messed up what they're doing to these animals, but like because I'm not seeing it every day. I think that's why I got it makes I feel bad but then I don't change and I think that's selfish. But like that's also part of my upbringing like I wasn't taught this it hadn't been taught this from when I was a little kid I think would be different. I think I would have grew up differently. I don't know. I don't know how you guys feel about that. But I feel like that's like I agree actually with a lot of what vegans I know you don't necessarily think the same way but I agree with a lot of like that. What do you call those big photos that I don't know. I think it's okay to eat meat right? I don't think it's okay to do what they do to get that meat slaughter houses in Nazarene General. I know that it's necessary to keep humans alive. Yes, and no I would think it if you get rid of that. Yeah, I think it's more. So at least the way I look at it is just the way that it's I think there is a morally sound way to like yes and there are tons and tons of people to do it. Yeah, but yeah, once you start getting to this Mass scale a lot of those things that I value the the importance of them goes down and so I mean when it comes in like me my own personal opinion on it, I don't really buy like those, you know that the the wrapped Meats in the store cuz I really want to have at least some sense of like, okay, I know where this steak is coming from right now like what the conditions are, you know what I mean? And I think that you know, you have a choice and you're exercising the choice and I think the markets if enough people make the same decision that is you do you say I don't want this like mass-produced whatever meet I want this meat that was you know where the animals are treated. Better I think it's more as if a lot of people request that the market will adjust to it, you know before people didn't care about organic stuff. Now they do because people requesting it and also it is in terms of like the right way of treating animals food. I think anyway you do it. I mean there are better ways than you know. But yes, it's always going to be brutal at the end of the day cuz you're killing an animal sure you looking to Animal Kingdom, you know a tiger, you know attacks of a deer it it's gruesome. It's it's it is and that's the circle of life and you know, We need to eat. Yeah, and what the difference is though that the the deer has an opportunity to get away? Right. Yeah, the deer isn't isn't it. You're not putting the deer in a cage and sending a tiger into the cage sure. So, I mean it's a little different cuz your whole life. I think that's what people are. That's the inhumane part about it. Is that like like if you didn't have brains or thought or feelings or anything and it would be fine for people. Yeah. It was just a slimy that grows bigger with no consciousness kill any animal. Yeah. I know but I don't I don't necessarily agree with that. But I do agree with that. I mean solder houses and stuff like that on you see the line through pain and stops production. How should I think there's better ways you could probably do that and that's not as natural. But I also understand I've seen the argument on the other side, like what people would starve. Yeah. I don't know if it's true. But I mean, I understand people get so upset and Trey. Over things like this, right and that's going to be a little careful but in all reality and I thought about this before all this like you should we have with if you really bring it back to its foundation and I was thinking like this is I know it's not good. But if you really bring everything back in like if there was war there if there was chaos, there's a alien abduction Alien Invasion, and we're so we're trying to survive nobody's going to Care like if your people are starving we're just fortunate we're not fortunate enough place in life to worry about these little minuscule things not saying that it's minuscule, right but like if like she was going down, right and everyone is trying to survive in there. It's every man for themselves, right? There's chaos world is ending we would not those same people would not be like, hey, we can't I don't think I don't think so. I don't think maybe focus on Surviving we could still be vegan, but they wouldn't be like, hey, you shouldn't do that. You know that we live in a society where we we we have the luxury of making It's like, you know the seasons of our school prom decisions, like, you know, I don't like the color of this whatever organic vs. GMO give the people in Walking Dead like GMOs and I like in that world GMO genetically modified, you know that option of having food in the constant food coming in and then raising cattle and then putting them in cages and stuff so that they can get food. You wouldn't say like, oh my gosh, you're immoral you did like they're trying to survive, but that's I mean, we're in a place where we're lucky enough. We don't need that. That's why we can complain about it. I mean everyone's got to eat and everyone got to pee. So I'll National Okay, what do you want people are not going to believe you're a singer was like this. Go on break early scopes. And we're you can do it. Sorry. I've seen enough episodes where I know what you say. And we're back. You don't know how to do it. I'm still practicing. Yeah. I still I'm still learning stupid to know. Are the kids at that that follow in their to us stupid? I'm too stupid to ask in a while is it was it was just just passed we get another rush hour while I saw a picture of him and Chris Tucker and they're like, they did some kind of poison. I read a post into doing another Rush Hour 4. I think why like, I don't know I heard is true. I maybe I'll look it up. I love Jackie Chan. I mean as an Asian-American he's he really was one of the guys who paved the way to making Asians Asian stereotype of martial arts stronger than ever. Able to relate, you know see that there are some Asian American actors that can have a successful film in the gap between asian-americans and the black community through Chris Tucker in that movie and his movies were funny. They were they were it was just so many like and it was a love that cat movies some of my favorites. Also Chris Tucker said a fourth film was definitely pass a possibility didn't say they're doing it. It's not in reproduction are working a few things for the scripts. They are working on something but you said Jackie Chan what to do if you want to do it and the students do it. So it's going to happen most likely that's awesome dude. That is awesome lot of respect for for 65 year old to do stunts like that and he does his own stunts. That's also like who does that anymore guess Tom Cruise, but it's true. That is true. You guys have a favorite Jackie Chan movie that you remember from childhood that you could like watch at any point Rush Hour. Rush Hour Drunken Master rush hour is my favorite in the Bronx Meals on Wheels. Hello know. These are all his movies when he was really young. Yes. I ever watch Rumble in the Bronx. How old are you? You didn't speak Asian fake fictions. Honestly go back and watch on the Rocks is really good and honorable legend of the Drunken Master. He's like this. I didn't see that his dad is in Kung Fu Master and then he like learns his other stuff. I think I saw Jackie Chan later in his career. Like when he was doing funny things mangas actions. They were funny really they were really funny is happening every movie. He's always been like this little sense of humor is what I'm sayin comedy. I was buying those two words. And then just crazy crazy amount of Staunton action, but I would go back and watch as a really good. I would say my favorite the movies Jackie Chan and I didn't bring up you brought you just thought you just you just thought of as topical. Can I decide to cry makes you feel kind of old yourself to think like wow, this guy's been around that long. He played the using Karate Kid. The new one was a good we are on three different what happens if she's not seeing each other ready hands in we're back in sync and we're back. Sorry got distracted during the she break cuz one of my fish has a bubble bites, but congratulations Ryan. Thanks, man. So what am I have a guppy have a lot of Guppies, but they're in this big tank and one of them is giving birth and I never I never see it. I never see it happening. And I finally there's like a little bubble there. So it's like the sack thing coming out and we were just waiting for it. It's not happening. But at the same time you don't want to miss it. I don't want to miss it. This is the first time I'm seeing it happen and we're here. So to do late this podcast you're missing your friend. Mike Feist. You're making my grand fish are in fish. Grandkids. You know what though? I'd still eat fish. There you go. And I love fish. Boom. I love fish. Yeah, I still eat it last night. I did we had sushi meat or fish. What would make the rest your life call sheet meets. Yeah, cuz then I would have to eat fish now just a little I mean other than sushi. I want you you don't know I know but he doesn't meet is like burgers and like steak that's true in like peppers A much wider. Like there's more artists of our to die for you. But would you choose? I don't know that made guy. I do like me, but I do like I mean eating fishes. I feel like it's good for you people to buy his Sorcerers that eat a lot of fish are usually play live longer fish that we have now and there's too much mercury in it. I think so for sure like there's a lot of fish in every Ocean or is it only specific oceans? How do you know I'm not an expert, but I know that when people eat too much fish do they get mercury poisoning happens a lot same way that like I was saying like I don't get to see the negative parts of like, you know, like the slaughtering of animals all the time. So I kind of just don't think about it and you kind of like it's not selfish. But at the same time it's understandable that you don't see something that often. Everything about it all the time by disconnect. I heard like back when there was a tsunami in Japan that you know, all that radioactive material into the water and it was constantly spreading further and further and further remember like this had so many years from now every fish that's imported from there that you're eating is going to be in like 9 happening and eating fish. I haven't I haven't changed because I haven't but if I read the article like today, I probably like maybe I won't eat sushi today, but I'll probably eat it like who they are in the week in like, I mean the power of media, I mean they can you know, when you're right you can change corporation like that. You just told people. Hey, this is this is a story we want to put out we want to put an emphasis on the fact that were cleaning it up another the radiation in the in the ocean as opposed to them coming up with the story. This radiation is starting to affect everyone's fish. Like that's that's the power that like the corpora. In a separate know but this is related to what you're talking about earlier is people don't really care about the lives of fish which is kind of crazy with you at all. When we were animals and mammals. Like they're very heavily have emotions their feelings of a blonde that kind of stuff right fish. It's very rare to have someone like defend fish in that way cuz I going to start fishing that was one thing was like, how do I dispose of the fish like in a amorah way right and like some people say like hit it over the head right and it'll just knock it's lights out and whether or not that's you know, whether it was insane or whatever just can't let it snow let it suffocated I think was a place of water and scream Or make noise. I can't relate to it as much and they're all in the water. So we don't see them all the time. If you if you were to catch a cow right by shoving a hook through its through its mouth and I hooked onto its mouth and it was like going crazy and screaming you be like damn. This is hard to watch with a fish flopping around cute it snow in Sea of blood coming out. Actually. I still kind of like feel bad for all I do to that knows like when I start fishing I kind of was like I need to figure out a way of like how to morally dispose after I catch in one E1 to eat it right. I mean if we were to ask the fish, what do you think the fish would say what it would have said, you know actually did the best thing for me is you probably should cut off my fin first I prefer like it's like it's like asking someone, you know, like imagine if the fish could talk. Yeah. There is a way to Morley do it at the fish knows. That's the least painful. Let me like someone asking you I'm going to eat you what how do you want me to kill you? Or is it like brain? What if what if by hitting in the head with your act would have your stimulating something in the fish or like knocking now, but they can still feel that's scary. But regardless, I mean, it's I mean, I think it's people don't feel a certain way about fish for that exact reason though still right don't care as much about reptiles by the sleep. You said earlier about that up in the beginning one of my favorite comments. I read on one of the last podcast. I don't remember it specifically but it said something along the lines of how I always wear a sweater right but I like wearing sweaters, but and I'm look how Xion warm and then you paint over the Ryan t-shirt sweaty and if, it was like I just I'm so confused on what the temperature is in this room or how big is this room? Like it's not that big. Let me say is it's cold it is cold here. Ryan can handle the cold Like A Champion, like it'll be loved it super cold outside, You're definitely will always say it like going to be tough know. I love the code and where you from Hawaii and here's my explanation for that you grew up in Hawaii. At least for me. I grow up. It's so hot there, right and there's no AC all the sweating yet. And it's the most uncomfortable thing cuz it's so like human people in Singapore. You guys can probably relate except you guys are rich enough to have a c I didn't have a see it was horrible. The only time it felt great when you walk inside supermarkets or like places that were cold. Was such a luxury to that one friend who had a c and they were like rich and I was always like so excited to go to their house and it was so nice to step in there. And ever since then, I guess I grew up just appreciate in the cold was it do you think growing up was it a thing of money to have an AC or was it just the homes? Like maybe when your parents bought homes back in the day? Maybe it was just like people didn't think they needed they see is because it was like cool like we were like not rich. We were like I would say and they still would spy parents just like that's a waste of money. Yeah and actually ended ended up getting them a c but my mom was like I don't we don't need that right? So it's just in the living room and in my back, but it's it's I don't know. Yeah, it was still considered a guy. I think it's expensive. It's like a waste of money but it's so ugly. And I think that's why III love the cold and also I sweat use the same way and he's from Hawaii. He is on to something damned if there are any Hawaiians out there do you like to call and I mean, I think I think that's me. That's why people think all your, why you should like the warm ya know. I think like people who grow up in like really cold like Minnesota, right? You would like the warm because you hate the cold there right people when they moved everything moved from the Midwest or something or somewhere where it's really cold out of harsh Winters and we'd like California. They're like, oh my God the weather. I mean it is nice and singaporeans are like me cuz it's so hot. They just love the cold. The thing is they have AC. Could you imagine not having AC in Las Vegas? We would probably be dead dude. You really think about it? She went down right and left electricity got cut out. I think we're dead. We're just talking about what would happen like we would I mean during the summer hits like a hundred 15° 220. Sometimes I am in the middle of the desert like if there's a God apocalypse, right and we're all locked in here. We'd be dead during the summer. What would you do if there's nothing like how would we survive have to find just some shade or some water or something? That's what they did back then. Yeah. I mean did you wouldn't want to live in live in the desert back? Then? We got tricked the living out your people do that mean that's how we're that's how Humanity Kingdom in the dentist today. Will they had to live through it? I mean, I mean they went through but they're not like, hey, let's settle right here and shows the human spirit. I wonder how fast we can adjust our that we have like a kid who was born into a climate and then is raised their whole life. But if if all the sudden everything just like all our luxuries got shut off wonder how fast we would have just to like our environment. Will we evolve as humans with the the next generation of kids behave like really hot skin when they're both in their body temperature naturally at 105 instead of 98.6. I don't know damn never know. I don't know why I brought that up all you know why I brought that we're listening to a book called. I was pretty highly recommend. It was a long drive really cool super interested. But if you would have saw us from an outside perspective like three guys, just sitting there listening to this book. That sounds like a British lecture from like a college like what's this doing that we do for fun. We were like genuinely into it. No, I mean I thought they were just talking about like, I don't know. How did you learn leave one thing you learn from this podcast? See any way to start like going to school reading more become Scholars, you know, we should do is listen to more like educational stuff and they will regurgitate and then I'll tell him way for dumb people because I don't like listening to smart people talk it gets boring, you know, because I'm not smart my first lesson to dig two plus two equals four. I mean I say dumb, I mean like, Alarm, thanks for coming to my TED talk. I don't mean like we don't think I just mean that we're not necessarily Harvard grads, you know, I got accepted to USC and I was going to go for music business, right? And then that was a time. I got signed to a publishing deal for a company called Warner Chappell music and I chose that dropped out because I don't want him to pursue YouTube and will drop. As well. Yeah birthday theme. We will do our best to get more educational things and dumb it down for you. Naturally. That you guys are dumb. It's cuz we're dumb we are dumb, but we'll make it fun to try. So what do we learn from sapiens? That humans are strong. That's not the book yet. I feel like I learn to actually a lot. I didn't really thought about how there was multiple species of like Quantico humans Sat one at 1 and then what we are today is homo sapiens, but there was like the Neanderthals are Neanderthals. That's how you pronounce and like all these other ones and little ones that survived. We don't really know. I don't think how we became the last ones to survive there. He was definitely text Predators. He was saying that could have been like we could have extinguish that what I found out was that because and this is the only thing I really only took away this but I thought it was so interesting that how he was saying we've evolved so that our brains are bigger than like apes right. And the reason the reason why we're so weak is because our brains are so big and it requires so much. We compared to the the chimpanzees in the Apes that are exactly yeah, and he was saying that and what would make us talk? He didn't say this. This is us, you know hearing that in going on, you know, how they draw aliens and they show aliens like your stereotypical alien has a gigantic head in a smaller body and you know, you know, that's your stereotypical alien a small body can take him at least I should be here at 8 if you think about it, what if they're just the evolved versions of humans because I mean that there's a conspiracy theory already that that's what it is. Yeah that aliens are just super evolved Human Arc Theory time now my favorite physical strength, which is like what animals have to speed and nitrites human beings come to evolve to become a society where you don't need to actually physically fight because we're smart. We have we learned that our brains make us the most Cuz we can shoot week invented guns. We can shoot an ape whereas if we didn't have it. We're going one-on-one physical battle that it would tear us apart yet. But because of our brain is the most powerful gift. That's what that also is why we're so physically weak. There's nothing that the strong as an even as smart as a human because it'll be too much energy to repower that brain something like that. So what if aliens that means what kick some alien ass physically, but then they'd probably have super guns and then Super shoot us know they're already we're already in they're gone. We're in their world that they created that's like her dummy Homosapien with I got super guns and they said you could shoot us. They got super goodness. You know, what we're going to listen to more update you guys. I think it's been like yeah, I'd I really think you're leaving you got to come back. Yeah, you got to be we got to get more negative. Yes guys leave some negative comments for David, please David album the cannibal cannibal balls. You didn't have to take it there. But I really think we should we should learn more so that we can be going to get better at this. You got to help educate our listeners. Yeah. I feel like I'm as we do the podcast. I realize that being able to like conversate and watch it back. It's pretty crazy. Like how you feel. Like I feel like Paco naturally is a good, not good at holding a conversation and speaking until I got love to talk. He loves to talk and I feel like it's hard. It's a hard to deal out of everybody in our specie. I was like that he needs to be on it. Cuz this is his gift basket for him. Sure. You'll do what you said. You would want to do his own way, but when he's just being him like that's Yeah. When he's like not trying to make you laugh, it's funny to me and you can see it through the podcast because that's exactly what it is. I think he would love to hear us sing this type of thing for you going to watch this. Watch this. I don't think you I mean if he does he know that we're at War ending since he probably would have skipped it like the ending epochal your great person or not tomorrow, I guess when this comes out he just came back, I guess. Yeah with that being said wrap this up, but I do think man. I wish I had brought this up earlier, but the whole alien thing cuz I think that's where I wanted something I think so too. And I don't think we're the first ones that I've had. I've seen something similar. I just don't remember the videos and you can continue this in the next episode of off the pill. I like these topics with David because David I know he thinks about these he's more skeptical than I am. Yeah, and he brings like that a nice side of that. I'm not pretty skeptical too though, but I like to have fun. We'll talk about it next time with David then yeah, sounds good. Okay. Well, thanks again for doing to the thanks for tuning in to the off the pill podcast. Remember our Twitter is at off the pill Instagram is at off the pill podcast. We still can't like you. Do, you know people there right? Like could we just get both of them to sail to go podcast off the pill will look into it. I mean you could look into it. I don't really know people there. I need to step my Instagram game on will you do it? I've been good. Yeah, and I see you've been good to you leave you do stories and stuff. I do story. Sometimes we didn't do viewer questions this week. But this my favorite part. I know sorry guys having said Not ended yet 3 2. Why do people hate this part and I feel like when I asked him the purple elephants David is a can of David and it is a can of balls like that. Would that I mean, they probably if you didn't make it that far you probably won't Whatever cannibals.