A little clap or something. I just did you put in the sounds of our claps streamer world. That's how I went from my understanding. David is a professional it wrong. But I say her Hearthstone Hearthstone player player in the in North America on my way right now from my understanding is the OG streamer streaming before, you know, a little kids hopped on was it always twitch that you were on.Six and a half years now. How long have you been going to start the people who still stream now? I'm sure they're Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeahs streaming now. I'm like 16th oldest and I feel the same way about you too. Have you been doing it for so long? Do you know anyone? I don't think probably not but do you know any other streamers that are just completely different give their names stream and I do like a 15-hour stream by hour 10. I'm not talking.If you just chilling at Salt which is right, like there's a lot of different things you can do. Right? Right, right, right. Ninja is authentic or is he I mean have you met him we getting into it? I mean, I'm just the first person that came to mind cuz yeah, I think he'sSame but obviously you give it a little bit more and I don't watch too much because I think I think he's more or less and his his normal self. I don't think you also have to like filter yourself a lot. You don't want to write up a little bit and try to get yourself in like a better mood and that wants some it's notThat's something I want to watch. He's he's another one like a really old streamers a long form for a long time and he's kind of summit Rage 2. Was like my biggest fear, even for doing stuff like this always felt like you in blogs have to be so like this you could do this for a long time, but I don't feel like if I had to put up that that kind of energy for I couldn't dream for like 3 hours even acting as it is super over-exaggerated the games of curious. Are you guys never did Myers-Briggs the Myers-Briggs testEach other on Stephen Hawking. Are you guys what? What are do you remember to Frontier close to that or the Entertainer like one of those two and then David was I am usually basically introverts get tired from having to be around people like being there watching TV by watching TV. So there's hope see it is possible to be introverted and stream Chris Reimer. I thought it was like, yeah, I mean, it's a form of interaction you're interacting with people to a certain extent soBut the reason why I guess it was kind of ingrained in me because I learned really a lot when I was a lot younger, I guess High School time doing doing videos and blogs and stuff like that. I wasn't that character like if I wasn't on and like happy everywhere I go and blog people like, why are you such a dick? Why are you so mad right now? I must be all the worse is when it's like are you sick? But yeah, what's wrong?If you don't make up on what's wrong with your face today, no, I haven't had that in Paris until maybe sometimes it's cool if you have less makeup on but like are you okay today? Well, I mean, I mean that's going to happen to girls everything online. I'm sure it's probably such a different experience for girls. I would assume especially as the gap between genders in gaming. Diminished so yeah, so fine. So what are you currently? Are? You still playing? Are you guys playing the same Games Catching just dropped a week and a half ago. I mean, even you guys were having a hard time saying like I want to play something else sometimes but like I guess if they created new cards or but doesn't it always end up being the same. Yeah. There's like one like really good deck or like, was that counter certain things it always ends up being the same thing, right? That's what it's really fun when people are being creative and like, you know, making back some things. I'd rather guy. And whenever I play those kind of games or any kind of game, I'm all done that guy who's going to go with the weirdest route just because I want to be different but it never works. I like that just to look it up and see what they do. I still be more secure weird random mechanic in it. And like can I make this work and then the puzzle together until I guess so did you start? I don't know if you already said this, but when did you just start streaming streaming for years ago? I think his longtime out of college. I was just kind of bored. So I was like. Maisel streamm4u going to college for biology degree house. Okay, that sounds like me kind of but you finished I did finish but I finished like a yearly I supposed to graduate like I don't know it's early but it helped you and streaming know but I don't regret going to call it a little brighter and I take care of myself. Not that I do that. I mean considering I mean a lot like you said a lot of time you guys I don't know if we said this when the cameras were rolling or not, but a lot of times you guys sit very long time. I think of something that they are somebody was talking about like when you sit for a long time, there's something really dangerous about that. I don't know if you guys read that or not. I'm sure you're not doing their job, Right? Like if I had one of those pedometers to the bathroom to the computer in just a cycle like that's it some days. Just want to feel it and I just don't do it going to be I'm mad. I'm not going to rain today. I mean, I just found out I was going to do this podcast. So I didn't Steven. Well, thank you for apologize to your to your very faithful fan. Poor guy is like assistant and he's like you should told me he's over there. Just waiting around while that's interesting. Can work together then and you met through people who are so that really is your lifestyle than I thought you guys were exaggerating the last time we talked about that you enjoy it like staying home, right? But I used to be a professional World of Warcraft player 10th. I'm 27 Oh My Gosh, but when I was 17, I just so weird thinking about that. Young but I'm old now and I feel young because I've had the same lifestyle ever since I was young and nothing's cheap face painting for 10 years if it works. I mean, I mean, I felt very similar many down years and then many up yours is just like, oh that's very fortunate, but it's not going to last cuz there's always going to be someone else but the weird thing is that there was so many more people coming to watch YouTube that and I think it's the same with twitch that even if there are other people getting bigger, there's just so much people to taking anything away from me, right? Exactly and I don't think at the time people thought of it like if someone else is Big you're done but it kind of was cuz it was like he would shift over but now it's like there's so many people to go around like Buddy has their own personal taste on Shore a bunch of YouTubers like 5 minutes or 10 minutes segment or even if it's like an hour of content or week. It's still an hour because it when you die in popularity, it's like you're competing like one viewer can open a few streams, but they're really going to be active in one maybe if you lose. Love you more than you actually lose. All right. It's a little scarier in my opinion. I don't know how it is in YouTube cuz I know I do know that like people's it's like your total view count right is what matters. It's a lot of his watch. Time now you don't get suggested posting ads like significantly better ad so you like w Revenue triple. Sometimes it's heavily based on that. Don't you know? Yeah, but I mean like that's I mean that's one of the reasons why podcast taken off, you know, and I think people use YouTube in a different way and I think you just in general entertainment don't even like twitch. Like I feel like five even like 5-10 years ago. It was it was nothing. Nobody wanted to just listen to other people but I feel like they use even for me like I use YouTube and listen to podcast just when I'm doing other things just to have somebody like not somebody there but I just have something come mostly background noise coming. Right right, but I'm not watching actually watching you just kind of like it's a similar thing that it's kind of like the whole thing from streaming. Yeah, I mean I usually always have a stream on when I'm on my computer and I just have it in the background and it's like I'm never like just sitting there staring at the edge of a positive thing for me. Also in the background you playing games. I know that's interesting or something exciting happens when you like whatever it is you're okay. So that's your lifestyle. You pretty much the same everyday you wake up bathroom food. And I know you guys said you get food delivered to me not to leave your house. Somebody was even crazier to me is that you guys leave the house so little and when you do YouTuber or take a car whatever right now, you can tell me to stop taking the two of them home and I was like, oh, so do I turn here? For a little bit, but it's so crazy, but it makes sense cuz you guys don't need to leave for your job for food, right? You don't really need to know. Weird all men. I'm on like another show on Twitch panel SS northernlion Super Show and they were like kind of interrogating me cuz people finally realize that I am that you have you called water and I was like no And it's because I mean when I was younger, we had one of those like water boiler thing a snoodles that way but yeah, I mean, I ordered all my food and then also drink Soylent meal replacement drink, you're like really long story and just get sponsored. So how's it going? Well, we will see I mean, I don't even feel like you're like full calories. So it'll make you feel like you can send form to calories and more importantly angry anymore. I just get headaches and that's how I know. I'm hungry because I was always afraid like if I stop streaming I'm going to lose my momentum, you know, I have to keep working cuz I love this job and some crazy like a timer for 5 minutes until everybody's miss you when you're on your highs. You know, you want to make sure like, I got to keep this going right, right. Yeah, as long as people, I mean a thing for in everything you just have to know not I truly believe it's it's a balanced everything and not finding you're getting too high when you're high and low in your low, you know. Give me the other and everything for you David. I'm a little bit more well-rounded but not as much this past year. I've just been working a lot of it. But I mean, that's fine. I mean we just like hang out all the time. And yeah, I don't do much I eat and sleep and ice cream. If everytime Hearthstone doesn't become as they let's play another game comes out and her son becomes less relevant to still try and stick with it. What would make you take the leap, just play whatever I want to play I disagree. I think I would want to play DotA but you don't answer. That's cuz it's like my relaxing time like it's something that I do too. Like I don't know right like there's things that you do for yourself and like Yes, that's what I'm saying. They wouldn't really do just like I feel like because it's all right. You care about like the money or anything like that, but it's like to be a little bit and then like, okay, would you go to work if you got paid half the amount like no, it's not about the money, but you still need my people are starting to get that now, they know it's heavily involved. It's about it's a balanced like you said you're balancing between probably what your viewers want to see and you want to play and have fun with you. Yeah, I mean you're going to get it done like 1/3 literally 1/3 usually like three four thousand Furious fire fire Battle Royale popular like we play Hearthstone and people-watch because of our because I don't watch and learn IRL streaming. Like people would still be very interesting that too right? Cuz I don't get to see you in that round like to see it everyday. I need a little bit my best friend. We went to Japan and we are a week there. Removing like I know if I have like a doctor's appointment that like stresses me out like a boomerang out and going to the doctor's appointment coming back. Like we are you sure you're not introverted. Yeah, that's very very lazy extra weight. I mean, I like I like to hang out with Becca said I was great but just like you have to keep doing something interesting you have to like, you know, go to the next place and you can never just sit there a lot about to keep drinking. You don't think that would be cool with you just not doing much. Maybe but that's not the point of being in Japan. Right? Like does he feel like at this point if they're watching you long enough? It can't just because you're skilled like they must just like you for you and the other people just want to see how good you are at the game or something like that. I'm just said, I'll really if you suddenly example for YouTube if you'd started. Do you think people would be as interested? I think there would be initially cuz they're good. Like this is funny. Come on. Are you sad I just want I want to find people who are I mean like anything, you know over time it'll build ideally they might like you if you'd never do variety all the time, right? I don't think I'm gay. I'm not I always say this and I'm not fishing for compliments that I don't think I'm like the most personable person. I think I'm okay, but I think people watch me because of my gameplay and that's okay. Right? Like everyone has their recycle like their own Niche and that they have their strength and like day9 can stream Solitaire or Minecraft. Yeah, I think for me. Interesting that is interesting to me. Actually. I thought it was the opposite and I've tried streaming before like a long would you guys remember when blogtv was a thing that was like and you stream or on that time? It was like paid basically all these YouTubers back in the day to adjust stream like you don't play games. You just talk for like 10 years ago. Awkward things like 3 out 2 3 hours and I got everything twice a week and it was like the most exhausting thing that I had to do. It was super awkward because I had the time to I didn't I don't think you could do the picture-in-picture thing live like you're doing mostly wouldn't do that or know how to do that and I just felt like okay. I'm just not a streamer. I guess. I'm not good at this. Oh, yeah, I mean I think some people naturally the fact that you've been doing it both of you have been doing it for so long. It's clear that you guys I'm sure you guys realize that you're gifted at it. It's not something that anyone can just do a really weird and awkward the first time I screamed I think that's normal for anything even with right to I'm sure it wasn't completely natural at first and then it became natural right? Like I think like if you really want I feel like you have the skills to switch to anyting don't you think cuz you know you're doing it for so long. You know what people want to see and you know, like, you know, the ins-and-outs of Street know there's ways to do more there's always a way to do more but you like we've talked about the balance is like the balance between what you want to do and like what you're willing to do for more money or viewers or whatever it is. You guys are not hanging out. What else you guys like to do? I know you said you stay home, but I'm sure you like I mean, do you watch any shows or Netflix watch that has a show on Amazon Prime free for Amazon Prime users Jewish comedian. Who's the girl that movie or is it like today show? Oh, actually one thing that just happened on Twitch is now you have a bounty board where you have like sponsored deals comes directly through twitch still do that for you to you to bring us deals through twitch and it will show you your rate. And it'll be based off of your concurrence will a new series on Amazon Prime and I all I do is watch the trailer almost to you for the song in Fairy Tail the anime but date that's just them is very similar to that in that show. They do like a devil board and you pick Mission side quests know it's like someone else I'm sure on Twitch checks that you have to do and then do as many as you want. There aren't that money right now? I'll really like how you heard of this game is Warframe any good and it is fun. Don't get upset. Some people are better that it than his your cycle goes like most of my viewers are from like I'm like usually the number one or number two spot on Hearthstone. So it's mostly just people who don't always watch me to just kind of watch the game online. But like stuck to rise up like a stream of certain times, I would try to be there as much because I'm just really need a third of my Vera's if I'm screaming while he's dating because it matters because like if you if you're on and I'm on and you're bigger, you're literally taking my dears gift when no one's around and no one wants that stuff. You're the number one person at that spot that time because you're doing that you have more fans in like other countries. Demographics and I'm still mostly American views. Ideally, I would start around 11 or 12:11 p.m. And then I would end around like 7 or 8 a.m. PST and I'm still I mean, I stream all streamed every time slot that you can make up cuz I'll do like 15 hours and then taking notes like not even for you guys need to Beetle car Go back. They were back from the she bring that she break is over off of was just asking I say, would you rather kinda fresh roll you roll a 1 you die a painless death. It would be evil. Anything else you get $1000000. Do you roll a pain list? What happens that changes people's hands a million? Can we open a little bit? Like if you would roll then it would be at what number would do you not roll and if it's like if you wouldn't roll then out what number or what percentage would you rule I would do I would roll for 10 million 1% painless tortured flight set on fire painful one in a million. I'll do it is hard but like pretty hard but like 1 + 100 painful can probably do something to logistically like people know your whole life becomes horrible when you have the most money. That is true. What if you just have the ability to reach in your pocket and grab a hundred-dollar bill and no one else? Okay, pull out a check upon a card. Okay? No one knows. No one else and one and a hundred for a very painful death one. Pay your bank. I wanted the bank bank. I would do it one and a hundred what if what if you land on and then you're going to die, but I'm dead but if I don't everyone around me either life is so over Dude. I can buy anyone anything you could it is a lot of power. She will wear those people when you asked was like questions that we make me ruin the game. Are there going to be a Assassin's coming for me because I could pay for bodyguards until I pass away. Do I patch an item to someone that actually is running a terrible. Damn? Tie-dye Vermillion, right? Did you get a nap in before you get a give the money away if you'd like you've successfully rolled for is the dye you don't have to apologize to no at 1% in things happen. We had the money beforehand. I would like go to Every like religious thing in Superstition everything that is true actually. I like that one. That's a good one ever heard that you think are smarter than the average person in this room. So four of you and So the reason I thought this was because of Kanye actually and even though some people comparison in the most recent even though most people think he's he's an idiot and he might be maybe he is a genius, you know, the fact that he can't communicate it to enough people is that still considered intelligent like the Albert Einstein of Our Generation genius on that level of the IQ but nobody can relate to you. Are you still intelligent? Are you still smart? Because you can't convey what what defines intelligence to content and what if. I'm actually really good or really the game again. Cuz I have thought about this year. It's just dumb as a really smart face though. You write smart that I did just can't communicate to me. You know, I mean, like maybe they're just Geniuses and they can't communicate. That's true or they could also be like really did see but they could be a straight A student in everything. They've ever done are they stupid or they smart you never know? Like there's also the people most people who are those like super smash Reddit people a lot of times they don't have common sense. So is that dumb damn now? We've informed I would say, I mean the only real Like way we have determined smartsource like school right is like the grades in school for most people. Add a reminder. Can I please smarter than someone score higher IQ than your brain is capable of achieving higher than someone is lower. That's it. Maybe the two leaving an interesting topic because I only thought ya like just running videos in general just like thinking like a lot of times I'll have a script and I'm really happy with him. Like no one's going to get the reference it like no one's going to get the it's too it's too much. I guess. I kind of dumb it down. I do it all the time. That way in a second. I'm trying to communicate for me to put out a video that less people understand mine organ or sense. It's actually Dumber of me, even though I consider to be smarter because it doesn't reach or communicate to as many people as a joke that only two people got right. I won't be like this is not funny stupid. But in my opinion I might be like all this is smart because it's right for me. This is like brilliant. Do you realize you're actually dumb if you can't convey that stuff to them you're an Entertainer there's a difference when you're doing it to entertain and there's a difference between I mean, Damn, but doesn't experience doesn't mean you're incapable beard like dumber than the other person. Learn something I would say unable to learn learning is the smart people who can learn in the world. It's about if you're able to learn and to wit to what depth you can learn right you can learn how to do anything. But like I could learn how to cook right, but I could I learn how to cook like a minute and I think you can like where you are in terms of learning something. So like you could say someone is dumb who is like just hasn't learned as much as you write. That's kind of like what we use it. I was in this room. Yeah, like which is the original question. I really don't I mean like I like it describes himself as a genius, you know, and not smart enough to understand what he's really trying to say. Any of the any of the Kardashians like are they dumb or stupid or they're brilliant brilliant how they built their business whether it's okay. That's a dumb person, but they're not dumb. It's all part of the plan. Oh man. I don't know. He's actually likes that he's actually lot smarter than he looks as Smart as he really is it. Thanks, Ryan. Dummy General sense. Do you think that is magnitude to Kanye West in some sort of like in he has some but maybe maybe maybe he's like is super like a genius but it could be that type of training that many layers deep but I don't think he slick he is a really deep thinker. It's pretty clear in the things that he does say that she goes so deep into it that the fact that he doesn't know how to convey that to the average person, you know, he might be a genius but I still consider that dumb at that point in the same way it is I would not put out a video that I personally think it's really smart unless if I dumb it down because if it doesn't apply to people then what am I doing? Like I'm just that doing I don't think he's going too far into not dumbing it down not tried it and I think sometimes whether he knows, you know, he knows how to dumb it down or he just thinks I'm I'm I'm appealing to people who are thinking On My Level. I don't know why he would do it but clearly he knows how people react so he's doing it on purpose, you know. I mean anyone like that. I feel they have to be smart in certain ways, right, but it just depends on how you would Define Spartan as I think we've already said that yeah, I think being smart and being knowledgeable are different though true and I think it will confuse the two. I think the process of learning capability of learning and then and continue to Understand things at a deeper level like the death. I think that they can understand things and learn things. It was knowledge is just memorization in my pain, but it also has the ability to learn new things and convey it. Ask you to know I think cuz I actually think I understand a lot of things but I also have a very hard time convincing what I'm thinking a lot of times you can be smarter one thing and dumb and the other comprehension kind of what is it? Say you go. What is what like, I just completely forgot. It's kind of similar. It's just that I think I think I just thinking that way I just learn in different ways from other people and they need an index cards or visual or just do it and then learned it but I need to see it when I'm like writing. It's like so much easier if I like put things in certain places just visually so I can keep track of what's what it would not make sense. I have a lot of notes and you just words. I don't tell me tickets, so I can we do those conspiracy videos where everything has to connect that I literally have to draw out cuz it's just too much going on in my head to like figure out beginning middle end and all that stuff. I guess we're all visual Learners then I don't know for sure. But I do I'm ambidextrous. I do everything that's physical. Yeah, but you know, you're right brain because you're very hard seeing you thinking that way. Maybe I think most Write the right brain is like the creative side left turns analytical. You're definitely look for Hearthstone and it's in constructed mode. I usually play reading mode there two different modes on and explain the constructive you have 30 cards that you can build like you build a deck and you choose all 30 cards. So yeah, and if they gave you a booster packs you open a booster packs made it happen right for Hearthstone. And so I'm trying to learn constructed as played for four days now and so I have the best coach ever, but he's been playing with me and we're just like talking through plays and sometimes I got so impressed like such a big brain sometimes sometimes sometimes you're so like how to see inside that mind. Just like always just know there's a science to it back. Does that mean you're smart since you were able to learn it in 4 days right now, is it ranked? Which is a you go from 9:25 to make one and then at your drink one, if you win their you get to Legend and in Legend like the lower-ranked legend your it's like a ring in certain position in the in the past, but it's not what I stream. Like my expertise and then I was fourteen hundredths Legend. And for some reason I just kept winning. I just kept David and ran 400 and then the next day the next day I start streaming from like Frank 420 say everyone that I've ever met that is sad some kind of serious interest in card games until someone sent there always they always have like a very intelligent mind and I think it just comes naturally with it. Amy is pretty good at all games most games not enough. Yes, if I seen you have to because that's the only way you can learn like if it was always random then it's not really a game that you have to always find the find. You're pretty smart to do that. But I'm like one of the just the top rated people. And then but a decade ago has another game and I love competing and I'm okay. I'm a I'm a cat most genres of games. But what sports games are not good at FPS say how did the first only? Play It's So Many genres. So I started playing video games on us14 and World of Warcraft was my first video game and I went pro in it. I got spray fortunate that I committed to like Star video game girls look at us when we play games and it wasn't cool back then girl just feel like I would never tell a girl but now it's more embarrassing but you're saying that you started at fourteen, which is actually that's pretty late and you went on your first game. They call it like keyboard turning like you just inside of using your mouse to turn use your keyboard to touch. Turn. Your character is really slow and inefficient. I like don't think I realized I leveled up until I hit like level eight and I just kept chained dying to montlake. I didn't know anyting. It's it just trying to do something completely new and roll of our past was of quite complex game. If you've never played anything before abilities behold like you I and II user interface in my game is like confusing for someone brand-new, you know, like I said Pac-Man right? Like, how do I like my friend / w space? Is there a thrown into this world? And when a Rita's first came out which is like the competitive mode. My friends told me I would play with them before. And then right before the expansion come out in like the mode came out. They kicked me off the team before I even got to play cuz I like I like a 15 year old girl. I don't think they'll synergize well with us. I'm the villain. I eat or drink to in the first week in my team. I played with random people. I got like three hundred and I was so salty. Yeah. Oh man. I'm going to be so in a way, I would not have ya until they like you can't play with us and I can't exactly like that's like getting revenge and then you have to talk. I was just like it's not worth it. I know you're powerful bill. Can I think they did because I didn't use voice chat until we had taught top 20 than it is now. And then no one would take me seriously and only after you like it's funny cuz I feel like when I was playing games and there was girls with a very high voice all the guys would just like to everything for that. I thought I was so awesome because everyone wanted to play with me, but I'll give you free stuff and I want to spend time with you, but they will not want to compete with you has been out we've been flown for why even notice but I think we should wrap it up. Thank you guys so much. Thank you guys so much put up your Twitch, I guess or something. I will probably explain it since you have never seen it or basically how we Outdoors. We didn't think of anything. We just breathe into the mic really close and heavily, so maybe we'll see you guys are welcome to come back anytime we go over there knows me.A little clap or something. I just did you put in the sounds of our claps streamer world. That's how I went from my understanding. David is a professional it wrong. But I say her Hearthstone Hearthstone player player in the in North America on my way right now from my understanding is the OG streamer streaming before, you know, a little kids hopped on was it always twitch that you were on.Six and a half years now. How long have you been going to start the people who still stream now? I'm sure they're Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeahs streaming now. I'm like 16th oldest and I feel the same way about you too. Have you been doing it for so long? Do you know anyone? I don't think probably not but do you know any other streamers that are just completely different give their names stream and I do like a 15-hour stream by hour 10. I'm not talking.If you just chilling at Salt which is right, like there's a lot of different things you can do. Right? Right, right, right. Ninja is authentic or is he I mean have you met him we getting into it? I mean, I'm just the first person that came to mind cuz yeah, I think he'sSame but obviously you give it a little bit more and I don't watch too much because I think I think he's more or less and his his normal self. I don't think you also have to like filter yourself a lot. You don't want to write up a little bit and try to get yourself in like a better mood and that wants some it's notThat's something I want to watch. He's he's another one like a really old streamers a long form for a long time and he's kind of summit Rage 2. Was like my biggest fear, even for doing stuff like this always felt like you in blogs have to be so like this you could do this for a long time, but I don't feel like if I had to put up that that kind of energy for I couldn't dream for like 3 hours even acting as it is super over-exaggerated the games of curious. Are you guys never did Myers-Briggs the Myers-Briggs testEach other on Stephen Hawking. Are you guys what? What are do you remember to Frontier close to that or the Entertainer like one of those two and then David was I am usually basically introverts get tired from having to be around people like being there watching TV by watching TV. So there's hope see it is possible to be introverted and stream Chris Reimer. I thought it was like, yeah, I mean, it's a form of interaction you're interacting with people to a certain extent soBut the reason why I guess it was kind of ingrained in me because I learned really a lot when I was a lot younger, I guess High School time doing doing videos and blogs and stuff like that. I wasn't that character like if I wasn't on and like happy everywhere I go and blog people like, why are you such a dick? Why are you so mad right now? I must be all the worse is when it's like are you sick? But yeah, what's wrong?If you don't make up on what's wrong with your face today, no, I haven't had that in Paris until maybe sometimes it's cool if you have less makeup on but like are you okay today? Well, I mean, I mean that's going to happen to girls everything online. I'm sure it's probably such a different experience for girls. I would assume especially as the gap between genders in gaming. Diminished so yeah, so fine. So what are you currently? Are? You still playing? Are you guys playing the same Games Catching just dropped a week and a half ago. I mean, even you guys were having a hard time saying like I want to play something else sometimes but like I guess if they created new cards or but doesn't it always end up being the same. Yeah. There's like one like really good deck or like, was that counter certain things it always ends up being the same thing, right? That's what it's really fun when people are being creative and like, you know, making back some things. I'd rather guy. And whenever I play those kind of games or any kind of game, I'm all done that guy who's going to go with the weirdest route just because I want to be different but it never works. I like that just to look it up and see what they do. I still be more secure weird random mechanic in it. And like can I make this work and then the puzzle together until I guess so did you start? I don't know if you already said this, but when did you just start streaming streaming for years ago? I think his longtime out of college. I was just kind of bored. So I was like. Maisel streamm4u going to college for biology degree house. Okay, that sounds like me kind of but you finished I did finish but I finished like a yearly I supposed to graduate like I don't know it's early but it helped you and streaming know but I don't regret going to call it a little brighter and I take care of myself. Not that I do that. I mean considering I mean a lot like you said a lot of time you guys I don't know if we said this when the cameras were rolling or not, but a lot of times you guys sit very long time. I think of something that they are somebody was talking about like when you sit for a long time, there's something really dangerous about that. I don't know if you guys read that or not. I'm sure you're not doing their job, Right? Like if I had one of those pedometers to the bathroom to the computer in just a cycle like that's it some days. Just want to feel it and I just don't do it going to be I'm mad. I'm not going to rain today. I mean, I just found out I was going to do this podcast. So I didn't Steven. Well, thank you for apologize to your to your very faithful fan. Poor guy is like assistant and he's like you should told me he's over there. Just waiting around while that's interesting. Can work together then and you met through people who are so that really is your lifestyle than I thought you guys were exaggerating the last time we talked about that you enjoy it like staying home, right? But I used to be a professional World of Warcraft player 10th. I'm 27 Oh My Gosh, but when I was 17, I just so weird thinking about that. Young but I'm old now and I feel young because I've had the same lifestyle ever since I was young and nothing's cheap face painting for 10 years if it works. I mean, I mean, I felt very similar many down years and then many up yours is just like, oh that's very fortunate, but it's not going to last cuz there's always going to be someone else but the weird thing is that there was so many more people coming to watch YouTube that and I think it's the same with twitch that even if there are other people getting bigger, there's just so much people to taking anything away from me, right? Exactly and I don't think at the time people thought of it like if someone else is Big you're done but it kind of was cuz it was like he would shift over but now it's like there's so many people to go around like Buddy has their own personal taste on Shore a bunch of YouTubers like 5 minutes or 10 minutes segment or even if it's like an hour of content or week. It's still an hour because it when you die in popularity, it's like you're competing like one viewer can open a few streams, but they're really going to be active in one maybe if you lose. Love you more than you actually lose. All right. It's a little scarier in my opinion. I don't know how it is in YouTube cuz I know I do know that like people's it's like your total view count right is what matters. It's a lot of his watch. Time now you don't get suggested posting ads like significantly better ad so you like w Revenue triple. Sometimes it's heavily based on that. Don't you know? Yeah, but I mean like that's I mean that's one of the reasons why podcast taken off, you know, and I think people use YouTube in a different way and I think you just in general entertainment don't even like twitch. Like I feel like five even like 5-10 years ago. It was it was nothing. Nobody wanted to just listen to other people but I feel like they use even for me like I use YouTube and listen to podcast just when I'm doing other things just to have somebody like not somebody there but I just have something come mostly background noise coming. Right right, but I'm not watching actually watching you just kind of like it's a similar thing that it's kind of like the whole thing from streaming. Yeah, I mean I usually always have a stream on when I'm on my computer and I just have it in the background and it's like I'm never like just sitting there staring at the edge of a positive thing for me. Also in the background you playing games. I know that's interesting or something exciting happens when you like whatever it is you're okay. So that's your lifestyle. You pretty much the same everyday you wake up bathroom food. And I know you guys said you get food delivered to me not to leave your house. Somebody was even crazier to me is that you guys leave the house so little and when you do YouTuber or take a car whatever right now, you can tell me to stop taking the two of them home and I was like, oh, so do I turn here? For a little bit, but it's so crazy, but it makes sense cuz you guys don't need to leave for your job for food, right? You don't really need to know. Weird all men. I'm on like another show on Twitch panel SS northernlion Super Show and they were like kind of interrogating me cuz people finally realize that I am that you have you called water and I was like no And it's because I mean when I was younger, we had one of those like water boiler thing a snoodles that way but yeah, I mean, I ordered all my food and then also drink Soylent meal replacement drink, you're like really long story and just get sponsored. So how's it going? Well, we will see I mean, I don't even feel like you're like full calories. So it'll make you feel like you can send form to calories and more importantly angry anymore. I just get headaches and that's how I know. I'm hungry because I was always afraid like if I stop streaming I'm going to lose my momentum, you know, I have to keep working cuz I love this job and some crazy like a timer for 5 minutes until everybody's miss you when you're on your highs. You know, you want to make sure like, I got to keep this going right, right. Yeah, as long as people, I mean a thing for in everything you just have to know not I truly believe it's it's a balanced everything and not finding you're getting too high when you're high and low in your low, you know. Give me the other and everything for you David. I'm a little bit more well-rounded but not as much this past year. I've just been working a lot of it. But I mean, that's fine. I mean we just like hang out all the time. And yeah, I don't do much I eat and sleep and ice cream. If everytime Hearthstone doesn't become as they let's play another game comes out and her son becomes less relevant to still try and stick with it. What would make you take the leap, just play whatever I want to play I disagree. I think I would want to play DotA but you don't answer. That's cuz it's like my relaxing time like it's something that I do too. Like I don't know right like there's things that you do for yourself and like Yes, that's what I'm saying. They wouldn't really do just like I feel like because it's all right. You care about like the money or anything like that, but it's like to be a little bit and then like, okay, would you go to work if you got paid half the amount like no, it's not about the money, but you still need my people are starting to get that now, they know it's heavily involved. It's about it's a balanced like you said you're balancing between probably what your viewers want to see and you want to play and have fun with you. Yeah, I mean you're going to get it done like 1/3 literally 1/3 usually like three four thousand Furious fire fire Battle Royale popular like we play Hearthstone and people-watch because of our because I don't watch and learn IRL streaming. Like people would still be very interesting that too right? Cuz I don't get to see you in that round like to see it everyday. I need a little bit my best friend. We went to Japan and we are a week there. Removing like I know if I have like a doctor's appointment that like stresses me out like a boomerang out and going to the doctor's appointment coming back. Like we are you sure you're not introverted. Yeah, that's very very lazy extra weight. I mean, I like I like to hang out with Becca said I was great but just like you have to keep doing something interesting you have to like, you know, go to the next place and you can never just sit there a lot about to keep drinking. You don't think that would be cool with you just not doing much. Maybe but that's not the point of being in Japan. Right? Like does he feel like at this point if they're watching you long enough? It can't just because you're skilled like they must just like you for you and the other people just want to see how good you are at the game or something like that. I'm just said, I'll really if you suddenly example for YouTube if you'd started. Do you think people would be as interested? I think there would be initially cuz they're good. Like this is funny. Come on. Are you sad I just want I want to find people who are I mean like anything, you know over time it'll build ideally they might like you if you'd never do variety all the time, right? I don't think I'm gay. I'm not I always say this and I'm not fishing for compliments that I don't think I'm like the most personable person. I think I'm okay, but I think people watch me because of my gameplay and that's okay. Right? Like everyone has their recycle like their own Niche and that they have their strength and like day9 can stream Solitaire or Minecraft. Yeah, I think for me. Interesting that is interesting to me. Actually. I thought it was the opposite and I've tried streaming before like a long would you guys remember when blogtv was a thing that was like and you stream or on that time? It was like paid basically all these YouTubers back in the day to adjust stream like you don't play games. You just talk for like 10 years ago. Awkward things like 3 out 2 3 hours and I got everything twice a week and it was like the most exhausting thing that I had to do. It was super awkward because I had the time to I didn't I don't think you could do the picture-in-picture thing live like you're doing mostly wouldn't do that or know how to do that and I just felt like okay. I'm just not a streamer. I guess. I'm not good at this. Oh, yeah, I mean I think some people naturally the fact that you've been doing it both of you have been doing it for so long. It's clear that you guys I'm sure you guys realize that you're gifted at it. It's not something that anyone can just do a really weird and awkward the first time I screamed I think that's normal for anything even with right to I'm sure it wasn't completely natural at first and then it became natural right? Like I think like if you really want I feel like you have the skills to switch to anyting don't you think cuz you know you're doing it for so long. You know what people want to see and you know, like, you know, the ins-and-outs of Street know there's ways to do more there's always a way to do more but you like we've talked about the balance is like the balance between what you want to do and like what you're willing to do for more money or viewers or whatever it is. You guys are not hanging out. What else you guys like to do? I know you said you stay home, but I'm sure you like I mean, do you watch any shows or Netflix watch that has a show on Amazon Prime free for Amazon Prime users Jewish comedian. Who's the girl that movie or is it like today show? Oh, actually one thing that just happened on Twitch is now you have a bounty board where you have like sponsored deals comes directly through twitch still do that for you to you to bring us deals through twitch and it will show you your rate. And it'll be based off of your concurrence will a new series on Amazon Prime and I all I do is watch the trailer almost to you for the song in Fairy Tail the anime but date that's just them is very similar to that in that show. They do like a devil board and you pick Mission side quests know it's like someone else I'm sure on Twitch checks that you have to do and then do as many as you want. There aren't that money right now? I'll really like how you heard of this game is Warframe any good and it is fun. Don't get upset. Some people are better that it than his your cycle goes like most of my viewers are from like I'm like usually the number one or number two spot on Hearthstone. So it's mostly just people who don't always watch me to just kind of watch the game online. But like stuck to rise up like a stream of certain times, I would try to be there as much because I'm just really need a third of my Vera's if I'm screaming while he's dating because it matters because like if you if you're on and I'm on and you're bigger, you're literally taking my dears gift when no one's around and no one wants that stuff. You're the number one person at that spot that time because you're doing that you have more fans in like other countries. Demographics and I'm still mostly American views. Ideally, I would start around 11 or 12:11 p.m. And then I would end around like 7 or 8 a.m. PST and I'm still I mean, I stream all streamed every time slot that you can make up cuz I'll do like 15 hours and then taking notes like not even for you guys need to Beetle car Go back. They were back from the she bring that she break is over off of was just asking I say, would you rather kinda fresh roll you roll a 1 you die a painless death. It would be evil. Anything else you get $1000000. Do you roll a pain list? What happens that changes people's hands a million? Can we open a little bit? Like if you would roll then it would be at what number would do you not roll and if it's like if you wouldn't roll then out what number or what percentage would you rule I would do I would roll for 10 million 1% painless tortured flight set on fire painful one in a million. I'll do it is hard but like pretty hard but like 1 + 100 painful can probably do something to logistically like people know your whole life becomes horrible when you have the most money. That is true. What if you just have the ability to reach in your pocket and grab a hundred-dollar bill and no one else? Okay, pull out a check upon a card. Okay? No one knows. No one else and one and a hundred for a very painful death one. Pay your bank. I wanted the bank bank. I would do it one and a hundred what if what if you land on and then you're going to die, but I'm dead but if I don't everyone around me either life is so over Dude. I can buy anyone anything you could it is a lot of power. She will wear those people when you asked was like questions that we make me ruin the game. Are there going to be a Assassin's coming for me because I could pay for bodyguards until I pass away. Do I patch an item to someone that actually is running a terrible. Damn? Tie-dye Vermillion, right? Did you get a nap in before you get a give the money away if you'd like you've successfully rolled for is the dye you don't have to apologize to no at 1% in things happen. We had the money beforehand. I would like go to Every like religious thing in Superstition everything that is true actually. I like that one. That's a good one ever heard that you think are smarter than the average person in this room. So four of you and So the reason I thought this was because of Kanye actually and even though some people comparison in the most recent even though most people think he's he's an idiot and he might be maybe he is a genius, you know, the fact that he can't communicate it to enough people is that still considered intelligent like the Albert Einstein of Our Generation genius on that level of the IQ but nobody can relate to you. Are you still intelligent? Are you still smart? Because you can't convey what what defines intelligence to content and what if. I'm actually really good or really the game again. Cuz I have thought about this year. It's just dumb as a really smart face though. You write smart that I did just can't communicate to me. You know, I mean, like maybe they're just Geniuses and they can't communicate. That's true or they could also be like really did see but they could be a straight A student in everything. They've ever done are they stupid or they smart you never know? Like there's also the people most people who are those like super smash Reddit people a lot of times they don't have common sense. So is that dumb damn now? We've informed I would say, I mean the only real Like way we have determined smartsource like school right is like the grades in school for most people. Add a reminder. Can I please smarter than someone score higher IQ than your brain is capable of achieving higher than someone is lower. That's it. Maybe the two leaving an interesting topic because I only thought ya like just running videos in general just like thinking like a lot of times I'll have a script and I'm really happy with him. Like no one's going to get the reference it like no one's going to get the it's too it's too much. I guess. I kind of dumb it down. I do it all the time. That way in a second. I'm trying to communicate for me to put out a video that less people understand mine organ or sense. It's actually Dumber of me, even though I consider to be smarter because it doesn't reach or communicate to as many people as a joke that only two people got right. I won't be like this is not funny stupid. But in my opinion I might be like all this is smart because it's right for me. This is like brilliant. Do you realize you're actually dumb if you can't convey that stuff to them you're an Entertainer there's a difference when you're doing it to entertain and there's a difference between I mean, Damn, but doesn't experience doesn't mean you're incapable beard like dumber than the other person. Learn something I would say unable to learn learning is the smart people who can learn in the world. It's about if you're able to learn and to wit to what depth you can learn right you can learn how to do anything. But like I could learn how to cook right, but I could I learn how to cook like a minute and I think you can like where you are in terms of learning something. So like you could say someone is dumb who is like just hasn't learned as much as you write. That's kind of like what we use it. I was in this room. Yeah, like which is the original question. I really don't I mean like I like it describes himself as a genius, you know, and not smart enough to understand what he's really trying to say. Any of the any of the Kardashians like are they dumb or stupid or they're brilliant brilliant how they built their business whether it's okay. That's a dumb person, but they're not dumb. It's all part of the plan. Oh man. I don't know. He's actually likes that he's actually lot smarter than he looks as Smart as he really is it. Thanks, Ryan. Dummy General sense. Do you think that is magnitude to Kanye West in some sort of like in which he has some but maybe maybe maybe he's like is super like a genius but it could be that type of training that many layers deep but I don't think he slick he is a really deep thinker. It's pretty clear in the things that he does say that she goes so deep into it that the fact that he doesn't know how to convey that to the average person, you know, he might be a genius but I still consider that dumb at that point in the same way is I would not put out a video that I personally think it's really smart unless if I dumb it down because if it doesn't apply to people then what am I doing? Like I'm just that doing I don't think he's going too far into not dumbing it down not tried it and I think sometimes whether he knows, you know, he knows how to dumb it down or he just thinks I'm I'm I'm appealing to people who are thinking On My Level. I don't know why he would do it but clearly he knows how people react so he's doing it on purpose, you know. I mean anyone like that. I feel they have to be smart in certain ways, right, but it just depends on how you would Define Spartan as I think we've already said that yeah, I think being smart and being knowledgeable are different though true and I think it will confuse the two. I think the process of learning capability of learning and then and continue to Understand things at a deeper level like the death. I think that they can understand things and learn things. It was knowledge is just memorization in my pain, but it also has the ability to learn new things and convey it. Ask you to know I think cuz I actually think I understand a lot of things but I also have a very hard time convincing what I'm thinking a lot of times you can be smarter one thing and dumb and the other comprehension kind of what is it? Say you go. What is what like, I just completely forgot. It's kind of similar. It's just that I think I think I just thinking that way I just learn in different ways from other people and they need an index cards or visual or just do it and then learned it but I need to see it when I'm like writing. It's like so much easier if I like put things in certain places just visually so I can keep track of what's what it would not make sense. I have a lot of notes and you just words. I don't tell me tickets, so I can we do those conspiracy videos where everything has to connect that I literally have to draw out cuz it's just too much going on in my head to like figure out beginning middle end and all that stuff. I guess we're all visual Learners then I don't know for sure. But I do I'm ambidextrous. I do everything that's physical. Yeah, but you know, you're right brain because you're very hard seeing you thinking that way. Maybe I think most Write the right brain is like the creative side left turns analytical. You're definitely look for Hearthstone and it's in constructed mode. I usually play reading mode there two different modes on and explain the constructive you have 30 cards that you can build like you build a deck and you choose all 30 cards. So yeah, and if they gave you a booster packs you open a booster packs made it happen right for Hearthstone. And so I'm trying to learn constructed as played for four days now and so I have the best coach ever, but he's been playing with me and we're just like talking through plays and sometimes I got so impressed like such a big brain sometimes sometimes sometimes you're so like how to see inside that mind. Just like always just know there's a science to it back. Does that mean you're smart since you were able to learn it in 4 days right now, is it ranked? Which is a you go from 9:25 to make one and then at your drink one, if you win their you get to Legend and in Legend like the lower-ranked legend your it's like a ring in certain position in the in the past, but it's not what I stream. Like my expertise and then I was fourteen hundredths Legend. And for some reason I just kept winning. I just kept David and ran 400 and then the next day the next day I start streaming from like Frank 420 say everyone that I've ever met that is sad some kind of serious interest in card games until someone sent there always they always have like a very intelligent mind and I think it just comes naturally with it. Amy is pretty good at all games most games not enough. Yes, if I seen you have to because that's the only way you can learn like if it was always random then it's not really a game that you have to always find the find. You're pretty smart to do that. But I'm like one of the just the top rated people. And then but a decade ago has another game and I love competing and I'm okay. I'm a I'm a cat most genres of games. But what sports games are not good at FPS say how did the first only? Play It's So Many genres. So I started playing video games on us14 and World of Warcraft was my first video game and I went pro in it. I got spray fortunate that I committed to like Star video game girls look at us when we play games and it wasn't cool back then girl just feel like I would never tell a girl but now it's more embarrassing but you're saying that you started at fourteen, which is actually that's pretty late and you went on your first game. They call it like keyboard turning like you just inside of using your mouse to turn use your keyboard to touch. Turn. Your character is really slow and inefficient. I like don't think I realized I leveled up until I hit like level eight and I just kept chained dying to montlake. I didn't know anyting. It's it just trying to do something completely new and roll of our past was of quite complex game. If you've never played anything before abilities behold like you I and II user interface in my game is like confusing for someone brand-new, you know, like I said Pac-Man right? Like, how do I like my friend / w space? Is there a thrown into this world? And when a Rita's first came out which is like the competitive mode. My friends told me I would play with them before. And then right before the expansion come out in like the mode came out. They kicked me off the team before I even got to play cuz I like I like a 15 year old girl. I don't think they'll synergize well with us. I'm the villain. I eat or drink to in the first week in my team. I played with random people. I got like three hundred and I was so salty. Yeah. Oh man. I'm going to be so in a way, I would not have ya until they like you can't play with us and I can't exactly like that's like getting revenge and then you have to talk. I was just like it's not worth it. I know you're powerful bill. Can I think they did because I didn't use voice chat until we had taught top 20 than it is now. And then no one would take me seriously and only after you like it's funny cuz I feel like when I was playing games and there was girls with a very high voice all the guys would just like to everything for that. I thought I was so awesome because everyone wanted to play with me, but I'll give you free stuff and I want to spend time with you, but they will not want to compete with you has been out we've been flown for why even notice but I think we should wrap it up. Thank you guys so much. Thank you guys so much put up your Twitch, I guess or something. I will probably explain it since you have never seen it or basically how we Outdoors. We didn't think of anything. We just breathe into the mic really close and heavily, so maybe we'll see you guys are welcome to come back anytime we go over there knows me.