Joke, that's why everybody everybody's laughing Michelle here. Thank you for being here on our first episode. That's not quite ready yet. I have a thank you. It's been it's been a long time those of you that don't know. We've actually me you and David have known each other since like. I don't know how long time ago 10 years old YouTubers. I guess I'll people see us now. I know we're just old YouTubers dated. We are we are at the first heard that was five thousand tendon in Teddy's have you been back since I went back a few years ago. She going back after 10 years has their 10-year rate. Can you re Union we were was already going to go by himself not with me, but David was trying to convince me to go and I think he was well, I mean are you going to go I'll go if you go, I mean it just comes out. It's been it's a 10-year thing, right and then we'll wait another 10 years. I come back though from New York on Friday so I can only go on Saturday 10 Tuesday. I think. Oh no Wednesday, so we would have to go Saturday. Okay. I think about it. Are you really going to go though? For real? Let's go. Let's go together and see if we can get you in carpool know Michelle is an OG YouTuber not doing take that as an insult people refer to me as that as well. I'm David I was obviously and I guess you were not I don't know if you were the first but probably the biggest makeup Guru right and the floor the first and biggest makeup Guru. We're not used to having his mic. So I got to stop putting the table in the biggest and one of the first makeup gurus on YouTube pretty much right. And basically, I don't know. How do you how do you even get started while it was in 2007? I got rejected from a job a beautycounter. I needed a job because I needed to pay my bills and I applied and always good but then because I lacked sales experience. They didn't hire me. So ironic know what you do because you have your own company, which is like like hugely successful valued at almost a billion dollars, right? It's crazy though, though, right but you still built you still started that company right? Mischley and that company is like worth a billion dollars for $10 each. It's a subscription model Foods very scalable and it's helped a lot of Indie brands for lunch and become big and also get acquired by the big Trifecta Beauty Brands that offer. Campbell L'Oreal how far into YouTube did you start that actually it was when I reached a million subscribers and I was five. I don't want to brag though. But just to give people some contacts I was the first woman to have a million subscribers and that that Milestone I knew okay. This is a good Milestone to think about having longevity because I knew it's the internet people have such a short attention span. I'm not going to last as long my popularity is not going to last as long as so I need another streamer driving and that's not based on my human band with his that we made this comparison about how being a YouTuber is like being an Uber driver in your car is your channel and you have to drive your car if you want to make money in with you too. But the same way we have to constantly upload and Poston. Even you doing this podcast got to keep it moving your an Uber driver play. It's funny cuz didn't you say you wanted to come back into it? Ijt I do miss it. I don't like the politics though is within the Beatles on face won't see you're not in the beauty space so you don't really see all the drama. I know you don't want to be beautiful be in it. But go ahead. So what what do you mean the politics it's going to where to get into the drama award version column out call them out. That's just not my thing that you know, and also there's always two sides to the story with everyone and you know, most YouTubers even the ones who are kind of like a little fucked up a little they don't have the worst intentions. It's truth, right they don't and they're just normal people in a way that people see them as this Grand grandiose idle, but once the camera turns off. Just a normal person and I I I do actually feel bad for a lot of YouTubers and Beauty kreator's who do get pulled into the drama and it has become Hollywood especially within the beauty space because there's so much money in it and where there's money. There's going to be a lot of people who are going in and who want to be part of this economy. I mean, dude, I'll be honest like a lot of these Brands will pay to for sponsorships. And so if there's a product that's not good a beauty Creator will still say it's good even though everyone knows she's not good that right. So don't buy got lucky c i I got it early and at that time and 2008 to this was right when the economy crashed and I was $16,000 in debt. No one was hiring. I didn't know what to do. Then. I saw you to Pat AdSense and they just rolled out the partners program and I figured wait I can make money making YouTube video that I was doing for free. Anyways, hell. Yeah, I'm going to do this way before what date did you act like? What year did you start I started in May 2007 the same as me what June or July? 2007 David G4 OG. What are you 2006? I was supposed to be for David. Different account I want to know about okay y means it like you said you want to get back into it. I was and I was just telling you like I just randomly and I haven't cuz you haven't really been posting anything before in the past like in 2 years yet. So I haven't like click on anything on your channel and randomly. I just saw recently that your buchana was suggested to me anyways live and I clicked on it so I can to see you and there was just like this animation and just music playing in this is that that's what you're going to be using a channel for more or you trying to do something else just enjoy the music. It just setting the tone the atmosphere and I always had them years ago playing in the background and people actually loved watching my videos back then cuz of my music that I recommended and I have this Pier to pier Marketplace. I have this peer-to-peer market place called thematic where we help music creators and creators link up and collaborate cuz you know how hard it is to get music rights and breakdowns are takedowns happen a lot in with Article 13 and article 17 in the EU. It's going to become harder and harder and YouTube now, they're liable for anything copyrighted and so they don't want to be liable for that. So we have a lot of these pre-cleared songs from actual music artists for creators to use and so that's a company that I found it because I was sued Years Ago by a music label unfairly. It was so unfair, but it's it's not even like there was no one's fault. There was a miscommunication along the way like, I have no hate or anything towards that music label what happened with that lawsuit. Oh, I just settled it. I remember when that was happening. I was just like the time to I thought we were safe. Right cuz I thought we're just individuals like a big business and but even I'm not going to say which Youtuber that says cuz I don't know if she wants me to say anything but she's a big YouTuber and she was in the car just saying a lyric from a song just saying it out loud like Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and she got claimed they actually hired people to scour all the top YouTubers to sound like the whole video that claimed. I'm not going to see the lyric because they're going to claim this but in the end card of the video when I rhyme with Take me sup something Lolo. Don't leave me something then. I probably still going to get nothing like wake up America, right and then they clean the whole video of the video. I know you mean that's that's how it is with the but that's why you created thematic right to the sad part about the whole point of capitalism is your giving people have a chance to build a business to build their Capital, right? They have a great product or they have a great service and they can provide competing against another and it's better they can win. It's it's that opportunity that America gives to people and I feel like when you have these big Lobby's weather It's like in the beauty space where the music space like the ones who owned everything. They just make it so unfair and harder for the smaller people to win a guitar as like you have you work really hard and have a great idea you're going to win that's bullshit. You're not unless you have 20 lawyers in this is why Disney is so well protected, even though most of the movies that they've create or stolen like all of the fairy tales and that's these are fables that were known by any, you know what I mean? I mean 100% understand and that really just reminds me of like making this drink has been such it. Just open my eyes. I felt like okay. I'm just sorry. I keep picking it up. I'm not used to having things that thing on the table. So I'm making noise. I apologize for that listeners and the Earth, but just like getting Approvals for things takes so much longer and you don't realize that you have to go through all these different. I'm just being really careful what I'm saying? Cuz I don't know. I don't get in trouble by politics except I'm saying the whole point of the internet was its it was this way for everyone in the world to connect to share ideas and not exactly this is why Bitcoin and crypto and decentralization is the next wave. It's the most important evolution of the internet that you know, you're very forward-thinking and Technology. Like what what about Bitcoin are you? Why do why do you believe in it so much sure. Well, that's a bit to pick statement. It's because there's so many different components of what Bitcoin is. But if I were to give an elevator pitch, what is bitcoin Bitcoin is the the true money the true true is money that we should have had since the beginning of time and just to give some just just to make it easier to digest on why is gold why was gold always considered the standard for money even during like the ancient days and Egypt Mesopotamia. Why was it always gold because gold one. It's finite. So the fact that you can't find it everywhere to out of all the precious metals. It is the most stable metal + 3 It's hard like it takes a lot of energy to mine gold that you can figure out you can even have scanners and scan for for gold but to pay for the labor to pay for the cost of like a digging in the litter in all the people feeding them and just to get a little bit that's why it's so expensive because it takes a lot of energy to mine gold and it's finite so now bringing it to bitcoin Bitcoin operates in the same way Bitcoin is like digital gold but it's different. It's not cold because gold you can carry it is tangible. But Bitcoin is digital, but the fact that it is scarce digital asset is what makes it so unique. There's only 21 million coins in existence. That's it. There's never going to be more coins. It's not like our money the banks can just put my money they want to and they they do without her permission. You can't it is impossible. That is if there's only Twenty-One million units and we Bitcoin has the white paper started in 2000 and Santa she created this white paper and no one even knows who suck. She is it was an anonymous person who came up with this thesis. What is bitcoin? It's essentially a currency that's not built on trust because if you look at the back of your dollar it says In God We Trust telling us trust in this dollar. It's money. It's it's it's a real money. Is it illegal tender? But can I go into Fort Knox to count all the gold no with Bitcoin you can you can verify everything everything's time standards verification. And so you have a currency that's not built on trust because people don't trust anyone anymore you trust but verify and this is what Bitcoin brings to the table. So since 2008 We mind up to I believe 17 million Bitcoin units and 6.4 million of them are lost meaning for million Bitcoin people lost their private Keys, which means we will never see it again. It's impossible to retrieve it. And so that even that joke is scarcity even more. It's even more scarce pick up cuz I really don't know. I'm not trying to like break it down to me cuz you're going to you mind a Bitcoin. What does that entail exactly entails? It's essentially to mine to mine a Bitcoin you need to have a computer you could have had a normal computer back. Then I would have been easier to mine. But today you need a lot of computers a lot of energy because it's solving very hard math questions. And I think we've just reached a having point, which means now it's going to be even harder to solve these math questions. It becomes exponentially harder and they say the last few hundred Bitcoins will take several years in the last one will probably be probably be Mind by 21. 2140 will be the last Bitcoin they say theoretically speaking if we haven't come up with if we haven't Advanced into Quantum Computing yet. It will take another hundred years to solve math equations that what are you getting from them? I just a number or like what it what what are you getting exactly? What are you getting Bitcoin? Like if you're solving these if you're solving these I'm trying to think of something. Like I'm picturing a coin will Bitcoin right and what they pick their logo the decimals meaning that you can buy them in fractions. You don't have to buy a whole Bitcoin. You can buy half a Bitcoin 1/10 of a Bitcoin. They're called satoshi's I buy a Satoshi and they say in the future. So one Bitcoin is 100000 satoshis. It's like pennies they having a hundred pennies equals $1 100,000 Satoshi equals one Bitcoin. They say one Satoshi in the future would be worth $10. So imagine what the full Bitcoin will be worth it and some have even speculated. This is the craziest number and million for one one Bitcoin in the future so many 1 million and that's a cat right who decided or is it that has she decided if somebody but he's Peoria we don't know who that is. Cia could be could just be like, all right, here's more. It's just impossible at the moment. You don't follow the protocols then then Bitcoins worthless worthless, but it's not going to happen because because you have people who verify that you have minors who are verifying it who are making sure they're mining it and everyone can verify it. Like I said, it's open source. These ledgers are timestamps. Like you can't actually impossible right? But I like how you said gold is a finite thing. Right? It's only you can hold its there. It'll always be there physically and like the US dollar it has value. We all verify has value, right but you could instantly become worthless right after around the Vietnam War when actually it was The Vietnam War when the dollar went off of the gold standard. So originally we were on the gold standard and became less and less and less and the Vietnam War happened and that was when we became off the gold standard. That was when I started to sign treaties with Saudi Arabia to back up our Dollar by petroleum. That's why you have the petrodollar and again politics comes into place and all of this and the beauty with Bitcoin has no one owns it like with a dollar the Federal Reserve on the dollar baby. Look at who is the Federal Reserve is not the people private Banks, right? The Bitcoin don't buy no one even the banks the bank could buy half of all the Bitcoin and that's actually what a lot of them aren't looking into buying cuz they're realizing wait. We can't stop this we should buy some because in the future it might I mean there's theories but some people say in the future some countries might even buy a ton of Bitcoin and their money is backed up by their Bitcoin there Bitcoin Reserve buying land or buying digital real estate. Real estate is expensive because land is very finite. That's essentially what the coin is real estate in like with gold. You can take that away from you. I mean unless he physically take it away from you right with Bitcoin. I just feel like how do you know it could like if you could you show me right now if your Bitcoins I mean to say, how do you know it's not going to disappear based on like someone or somebody else in the future will just make sure you have your private Keys. Make sure you have your private keys and offline wallet in Cold Storage just like you're not going to have your gold on your table. You're going to have it buried in the backyard. You're going to have it should I say fan in a 10 hour fireproof safe, but you're not going to take her golden and my ship off a little bit go to Starbucks and he can I buy like, no you're not going to do that. It's Bitcoin is not a lot of people think. Well, I'm not am I going to buy things with Bitcoin? Not necessarily there could be future cryptocurrency. Are backed up by Bitcoin the Bitcoin is the reserve Bitcoin like gold protects your purchasing power when the banks fail if you have gold, you're still good. You can still buy bread. If you need to. This is how Bitcoin helps people something happens to the bank something happens to her money. There's a war you still have your private keys and you can still protect your purchasing power. I was just trying to think like beer like Technology goes away right leg. It's apocalypse right gold still has value because you can use it. But you know when when technology goes away the last thing we're going to care about is we're going to try and make fire we're going to try and eat goats that you can melt it and still examine it. Yes, then we go to the true gold standard, but do you see us going away from the digital world send a picture of my head come to figure out what did Quinn really is but never I was understood it. I just don't know why they've done tests now, I think like a Nepal or somewhere else where you can still send Bitcoin to someone without fast internet. It's just going to take a longer time, but you can still send it without the internet. So how much Bitcoin do you have another another thing? I always tell people is you know, like here in America are the Western World on Wednesday America, but just in the Western World, the culture is everyone's kind of flaunt their wealth at you want to be on the front. Well, then that turns you into a Target interesting cuz I was reading an article about in China a lot of the wealthy people in China will pay money to these magazines not just to tell it to put them on the list cuz they want to protect they want to be low-key about it because they know they're going to become a Target. I mean I became a Target your Bitcoin billionaire know you're going to hackers coming at you or broke or so broke. I have no Bitcoin. I have seven damn it. Sorry. I didn't mean to stay on that. I just like I got I was really trying to figure out what I never knew. I never understood it. It's fascinating it is it is a little interested graphic cards are getting expensive for computers like For Christ's sake of the Facebook one. I know it's not the same thing. But is that I think of it like Facebook is an arcade and you go in and exchange your dollar in quarters, and that's what you can only use it within their ecosystem is Bitcoin. Again, it's finite coins competitors. There's other things you like and different ones and some of them will say like yeah, we're faster than Bitcoin better. But there's a reason why Bitcoin is at will right now, let's see how much it's that soon. It's going to go up to 30,000 silver van says to buy Bitcoin now and then if they're still there things go up. 1800 but it might go down to 9000 might be on a 3000 if it does then you start buying if it goes down to three thousand cuz that's ridiculous stocks. Well not but it's not stalk like it's not even though it's gold is in a stock gold as a reserve like in is digital gold digital gold real estate if it's finite and it follows a protocol is all about following the protocol and for over 10 years. It hasn't slipped. It hasn't even steered an inch away from the protocol. It's so true. When would you I mean like you got in early. When would you what point do you yourself decide how I want to sell it? Okay, so there's different so you don't even have to sell it you could buy a house with Bitcoin and and you know, the cool thing is you don't have to deal with taxes or anything cuz no one has legal like no one owns a government-regulated in a way. We have the internet. We should have had a money that went we should have had a currency that one with internet but we haven't everything's been tied to thanks. So I was reading about how there is four hundred million dollars is a Bitcoin that was moved guess how much the transaction fee was $400. I'm a genius I know about Bitcoin but you know, they have crazy currency out there. Like I think they have a note that's a hundred trillion dollars of OneNote as a hundred trillion. Guess how much it's worth in u.s. I have no idea to Dollars $40,000 locally call really. That's crazy it dude. Like this is just the beginning everyone so slept on I've been telling people for years Bitcoin become Victoria ever the future or die down because it was at like 20-something when everybody was buying you write and a lot of Cups and stocks and now he's kind of eating his words and he's talking to crypto people really interesting. I did not know I'm just like, all right. Well, how do we do this now? Let's get some money on YouTube. That's who dumped into some parts. You can't argue. There was a lot of dumb stuff. They're still don't stop but it makes money. Well, I'm talking like current YouTube dumb stuff. Oh, yeah. Everyone's a fucked-up God everyone's trying to please and everyone's trying to chase after and get and understand and they're trying to optimize their content to favor the algorithm literal groups of YouTubers age groups that talk about this and then they tell each other day, you know about this. There's a there's a Discord Channel people analyze the algorithm. I want to go on a daily basis pretty pretty intense to get a I just like to read it. It's hard to keep up with the changes. It never ends don't have to tell us either, you know, so. Have them rent at Mark. Okay. I guess we'll take a quick she she break. A ninja milk break ninja milk energy made with organic milk and flavors. No, artificial sweeteners are preservatives and it tastes amazing. Let me try let me try and we try this. All right. lightly carbonated knock knock and we're back. No, David a David Rossi. He hasn't been moderating in a while. I don't think he's ever done this really into it a little bit but getting away from crypto. Actually, that's the time on crypto. We're just talking about your other company and cosmetics right? It's awesome. That's the second one opening Snapple. Why? Yes, I did. I completely engineer the opening sound to sound delicious and fresh. We're just talking about this off camera because because I'd I didn't do that, but you asked me that and you said I should tell more people that see Ryan says I can't lie to people and I said marketing isn't lying or exaggerating. Okay, but I didn't invent that sound sound. That's just science. Engineer sounds like at like a Snapple bottle that yes. Okay. That is satisfying you but I am yeah, I made that I made it up what we were talking about. We just talked about this I distract myself and cosmetics to bring this up because he stopped by my office a few months ago and he was asking if you are so what's up with this em Cosmetics thing. How how did this come about? So to give you some perspective most people who start a beauty brand they started a bootstrap it they do, you know, you're out of startups. You understand like you put your own money into it and you grow it and then we get around like a million to 5 million-a-year pretty good. But when you get up to round 10 to 20 million up to like 50 million, this is when bigger Brands like the Estee Lauder the L'Oreal the Procter & Gamble They wanted their interested in acquiring your brand. So they want to acquire it and then they take your existing company in your bread and then they just power through and turn it into a billion dollar company. So they buy you out and that's normally the life cycle for buy you out meaning like you don't have any part of it went to become a billion-dollar company at 50 million. So they turn it into a billion dollar company. So with a we did the exact opposite my brand was actually created with L'Oreal and this was the first time in 2011 L'Oreal has ever created a brand from the ground up. Normally they acquire brand that's what they're really good at the acquire the brand and they grow into a big business like NYX Urban Decay It Cosmetics in my case with M there like hey Michelle, she's doing this really cool thing on YouTube. Let's take a Gamble and let's create a beauty brand with her. And granted Laurel is a great their masters when it comes to marketing creating a beauty products expanding on that but creating a brand from the start, you know from the ground up its hard it is hard because you need to have you can't take a corporate structure and then bring it into the start of World. It's really hard to do that because you have too often times a lot of the corporate structures. There's so many layers and bureaucracies and to get one thing approved. You have to go through 15 different people on a on a startup you just talked to three people and that's it. It's instant. And so what's interesting was when I was developing the brand with Lori Elle and this was in 2011. I was also building Ipsy at the same time zone in New York. I'm building at em Cosmetics with Lori all and I fly back to LA San Francisco and I'm building obscene doing the two and it's it was interesting seeing the dichotomy between the two worlds because The Loreal side they hear they had a lot of budget and a lot of people a lot of bodies in the company building the brand with me. But because we have too many people involved things became very convoluted my vision became convoluted along with it. But then on the other side of the spectrum we had Ipsy where we only had 2.7 million dollars seed funding and that was it and we were able to use that money and stretch it and go go completely Grassroots like our marketing was through YouTube. We would just talk directly to his friends and that was how we were able to sell out of our bags and then grow it till like ten thousand bag 30050 thousand a hundred thousand and then grow up to a million and then we launched and cosmetics in 2013 with L'Oreal. It flopped. It's completely flopped people are hating on the brand because they said the packaging looked so cheap on the prod like it was too expensive. It didn't look like me and I was getting so much hate even though I had no control over anything. I really didn't because Was not like your branding then it wasn't lost it when people saw it when people watch my videos and I'm known for a certain aesthetic and they're so confused when they saw him by L'Oreal because it wasn't it was completely off of my aesthetic. It was not authentic know. So I got a lot of hate and it really sucks because I couldn't say anything, you know, I'm under certain contracts. So I'm like, you know, nda's and a long story short I was stuck and thankfully I had Ipsy that was doing really well. So in a way that was kind of my saving might my Saving Grace like that saved my face like I wasn't seen as a failure because even though I'm cosmetic filler Yelp flopped if she was here sitting like doing 2 million bags doing really well and we we only need a 2.7 million dollars and we never needed to raise that really shows you it's not about Like Legacy companies like these big companies like, you know, Google and Google start a Google Plus. I thought we can take down Facebook. Your Facebook is like let's take down Tik Tok and launched last feel like nah. Do you like Innovation comes from small startups? It's always been like that. That's where you really truly see it because you have people who are very passionate and again, you don't have so many different layers of people have to go through to approve one thing and if she is a great Testament of that so going back to 2015. We raised $100 for Ipsy were able to use that money to buy from L'Oreal into acquired under Ipsy, which was great. But again, it wasn't my brand it was gypsies. So I couldn't approve everything. Of course, even though I am a founder of Ipsy I have shares in it. There's still a lot of politics when you do raise money for a company you give up some some control and it got to a point where I just became so tired. I just wanted something that was mine. I was ready to How to be independent and so two years ago. I left Ipsy and I bought my brand and back and so I'm now is completely owned by me and it was and it's just been incredible because we're small but it feels like a family unit so small. It's a guessing comparison to the senior. Thank you. It's not small, but I guess it come in compared to what you were working with her. B12 is really small but we are a force to be reckoned with because we everyone can wear multiple hat like this. I thrive and smaller environment. I can't do a corporate companies. I just can't it's just I think it's it's so opposite of even who we are right like you probably get more work done. If you were to just work with you in a few of your friends. And if you were thrown into like an office right before you have a hundred people and everyone just focus on the one job rather than collaborating become Super Hyper Specialists and compartmentalize rather than owning it together holding the project together then because if it's all you know individual is it always ends up being like, all right. I'm going to do my job pass it off if they're not doing their job that I don't care. I'm doing my thing. That's that's tough. But in try it, I got a question. So, you know, you're very successful entrepreneur obviously and you've built large companies. What are like the top three things are worth it just to top things that you think are required for people out there who are trying to start something like you did like what are some of these things that you feel like I can help build massive business like you have a billion dollar business. How do you make a billion dollar business worth a billion dollars because he'll get Netflix and they're worth a billion dollars, but they haven't profited yet. You look at even Amazon. I think even Amazon is still in a deficit or something. They started to make more money weirdly enough with Amazon web services for the longest time Amazon wasn't profiting. Yeah, they weren't profiting for like years years years, and I don't know. What year was it 2015 or 14? I forgot but Bezos because so many people were using Amazon. They needed the best server. They needed private servers and all that he decided. Okay, let's let's do redundancy servers where we build more so Cuz if one server shutdown Amazon can still run in like Colorado because we have a service there. So they did redundancy mean it took a whole year to build several several different servers all across the nation for Farms server Farms. Okay, and when he went to the board and he was telling Ono didn't go to the board yet. He had engineer has come to him and say okay, we finished everything and he was curious he asked how how much is Amazon using of all the servers and like I would just like 6 or 12% like very little and he had an aha moment. He went to the board. He said hey, let's create a subscription Amazon web service because we're only using a very small amount and we have all this excess and we can make money with just servers be think about it. It's like genius because you're not selling product. You're not storing anything. You don't have to ship anything. It's just that help them a tremendous money. And so now when you opt into Amazon web servers, it's still impressive because you can get like you can have like machine learning involved in there. I mean, it's crazy. It's not just a normal. It's not a basic setup. Like it's very very robust and impressive. So again, like going back to the valuation having a billion dollars. That's like height that's like saying. Oh, yeah, my company's worth a billion, but it doesn't necessarily mean you're making a billion dollars. That's what the investors who invested in your company are projecting for you to be worth in to make some make sense, please who raised like $80 and they still don't profit yet, but then their investors to be like, yeah, they're worth like a billion dollars. They can go out and say that so it's kind of hype thankfully with Ipsy we were so antihype we were actually doing really well because we were subscription people were paying $10 a month and 3 million bags are being sold, but we weren't like we weren't relying on that hype of being worth of Billy dollar soap to go back to everything. I don't think I think if you have the intention to build a billion billion dollar company, you don't have the right intention and place you your goal. Who is mislead? I numbers and what ends up happening is if you don't meet these numbers and these Milestones often times you can lose sight of yourself and you can burn out really fast and I always tell people and potential business owners and entrepreneurs don't set goals set intentions first thing when I started my YouTube channel, there was no money in it cuz there's no AdSense, right? But my intention was to teach I wanted to share I want to teach when I started Ipsy. I wasn't I didn't have any idea would become such a big thing of my intention was I have this great product idea and I want to help people with it. I think that's really important. So intention set intentions and the second thing is look for a market cap that's really important to because you can have a really good product idea or service, but if it's too early on Then you missed out on that boat. So you have to be to have to know when to be ready to launch it often times so much. So many people have great ideas, but it's too early or it's too late. So learn and observe the different market cap that you have and market caps. So to bring to bring listen to like I always like to like bring it to my contacts cuz I understand in 2007. There were no makeup tutorials people if people wanted to learn makeup videos, they would either have to go to Beauty counter and buy products or pay for beauty seminars or read books and there was never something where they can just sit at home and watch her free and Rewind. It asked for it Skip and have someone relatable speaking to them. So that's a market cap market cap is wait. No one's making these videos. I'm going to make them to identify these market caps in the market. That's one of the first things that the intention finding the market cap, and I guess my third one. Just give me a coffee points is a billion dollars know you're not making a billion at making a Snapchat for one another one. Right? That wasn't making. I don't know what the what are they were they were making $0 no money at all. But they were like the biggest thing in the world cuz they had active users. They had millions of active users. And so the idea is like everyone wants to find the next Facebook, but for me, it's like it's over cuz all Facebook needs to do is just copy it which is totally what they did with Instagram. Yeah, and there's no shame in that like as in they don't see shame in that because they have to look out for their business and that's just how Cutthroat it is China copies it to you know, like everyone's just copying each other and that's why I'm I always tell people don't try and Link create something that Facebook and easily copy like look at the future market cap if we are going towards this dissension. Is market place where money will even become decentralized feel towards that that's going to start happening in the next 10 years you want to build towards the future. If you want to build something that you can sell fast and now then yeah surely build something that's hypable and then try and find an exit fast as you can but often times when you don't find an exit, you're stuck here like a hamster in a wheel and just stuck in your in this very old old company that makes sense when it would have people need right now. So I know I think it's good. There you go a lot of money if you want to go to Bitcoins. I don't know that's a lot. We just learned is a finite amount. Do we still have the I know we didn't print them out the questions and stuff. Do we have some stuff and thanks for coming with super last yesterday. That's where we talked to you was long time ago. And you print a different number that time. Are you always changing your number? Why is that that talk about these crazy did the crazies one guy who came into my office? And my team like do you have an appointment with someone here? And he's like, where's Michelle and he was like scratching himself, right? I don't know like in my business partner sent me a picture cuz with security cameras everywhere. I know this guy. I don't know when one of my co-workers like he took him in like sent him really far away and think like it was like a few days later. I was in I had Instagram story that I was going to one of my friends show. He he he was DJing at the show and I was going to go and support so I when I arrived with my other friend, I hear this guy is like Michelle. So your first instinct when you hear your name is turn around right I turned around and ever. Remember him from the picture of my car and let me into the Venom and they blocked him and the security guard was saying yeah, this guy showed up like that. He was here like 6 hours early and when you went in he start banging his head against the wall, and he was that was like dude, this is crazy cuz I've been on Hiatus for so long, you know that you would make sense of like also, I mean not to like You know not not to like Shawn anything or anything, but it was I was more promiscuous to like them showing more promiscuous photos of myself. Okay, that makes more sense being able to go on my Instagram feed. It's just my cat and me and like anime pictures and I'm so not even pictures of you pictures of me. Most of the other people who have a following built on, you know, their sexuality and all of that. But yeah, dude, there's a crazy people. I'm sure he's not crazy, but you just don't do that like hardcore fan. That's like even fans. I think I have enough awareness to not show up and I don't know. I don't know if you got it in the whole scratching thing on purpose, but that sounds like I don't know anything right now. Just don't do that like have some just have some respect for people spaces. And I and I feel like a lot of a lot of viewers. They they almost feel entitled when he see online personalities like oh I know them because they're my best friend. So they I've heard horror stories of YouTubers where they would have people like outside there black like taking pictures of of their house because they saw maybe on their GPS like where they were going. I guess why I moved and it's still happening I moved because I was not in a gated community and I have camera I still have footage of people like kids coming to my house and taking pictures like to the windows and stuff. Obviously. I was already Paranoid by then. So all the things I never see me, but yeah, there's that happens all the time. I mean David had scarier store it like your story about your stalker dude, you and Kina Kina we had a is a scary. She never talked about that sure pretty sure he's not watching but he might be But at yes okina, and I have this one stalk her on Twitter and he would put out these like really mysterious like the deaths the day of Death Shall come upon. He like you tag in at night and you just like he's like a creepy cryptic kind of messages and I just didn't really think too much of it as I got to know where this guy is So eventually King & I we both went on tours separate separate tours, but at the same time we're both on to her she plays at this venue in Florida and I was going to play at the same venue 2 weeks later. So two weeks later. Bye and I I roll up when you know with my gear and everything is true and they were there like I heard that there's a stalker guy and now we we have a picture of him and we just want to let you know that we are between you know, what's going on and we'll keep an eye out for anything weird or sketch that may happen. Okay, cool. Awesome. I'm in my Green Room getting ready for the show. guy a security guard comes in like a David like the guy showed up like what no way and they were like, yeah, he came in it a fake ID. He shot before before the tour actually has shared me a website like it and he had a mugshot of like a little mustache so funny when he came to the show, he actually shaved off his mustache and you showed up and the great thing. Is he bought a T-shirt and a CD so I should buy something and then they saw him and they caught him. I mean, I'm glad he did after you bought the t-shirt in the CP and I would have signed it for him to wake up. And that's it. You just not call the police or anything. So we just identified him. We escort him out. And then that's all we could do. Just not let him back in. They'll still kind of scared because he could have waited a block away the gun and he could have shot me what that that's why when the whole Christina thing happened Christina Grimmie that really affected me a lot. I stopped doing show not just for that reason, but the main reasons I stopped doing I don't travel anymore. I don't do those kind of shows because I don't know. I just let that situation really like haunted me cuz it could if you think about it. It's really easy to do like the Securities there, but it's like it's not hard to get things past people right? Tell her we're going through my shadow know how like Ariana Grande tours are like they have metal detectors and stuff. But for our shows it wouldn't it was never like that crazy, but it has to be now, right? So anyway, that's just thought it was interesting soccer-related. Yeah. I know dude. I mean, I think I think I do. Do you like some people they fantasize about having stalker? You know what? I mean? Like all I want to stalk her and either by wet. Like I've read I read the Wikipedia of it, but I'm pretty sure of that Christian Grey guy or whatever. His name is if he was a broke ass guy like yeah, it would not be a romantic story. But the fact that he's a CEO and super rich people fantasize that it's so hot though should not remain like just the best-looking Dude Looks clean his business suit you just I need to see Michelle. Okay, thank you. Would you still have sent him away because it looks matter in that case because you're not going to judge him in the same way, right even your coworkers. But even if you show up in a nice Burberry Burberry suit, how was your stalker and you saw him in another event and he showed up it's a little weird but it's like this gorgeous dude expensive suit, would you still have sent him away? That's my question or would you have given him the benefit of the doubt and had a little talk with him? I would have seen just what is your business here and speed of time. We're about to wrap up but we want to get one Twitter questioning with you at least and since I've said three lines as hope podcast, I figure I should pitch it to you so far so Michelle, what's next? That's your question about what was in the past? You're like you said your channel is like you started using out his or her music coming on. So and you like you said you made an algae where it's kind of like the beginning but party people come to it. You know, what party is starting up? So you know, how are you kicking off this party May? I don't know. I'm just I don't know. I don't have a master plan. I'm just really late. But then you said you which I thought was interesting because like you said, I'm an Uber driver right and you know, I have to show up and drive but you have created another Uber but you want to go back to driving a little bit you miss driving a little bit just for your own because that's what you love doing cuz you started it because you like doing it right you want to get back into making videos or is it to me? Some other kind of what else do you want? What else are you allergic to any music anymore to the the world to the world? I'm just trying to acquire new skills. I'm just I'm also doing a lot of mentorship and mentoring a lot of young entrepreneurs helping them with their businesses other Asian content creators and they're always talking about how they fix reached out to you and you like welcome them with open arms and stuff that I've had like a dog. Okay. Well, I mean, we don't get many Twitter questions in but I guess that's what our time so again, Thanks for being here if you want to plug anything. What's your number yourself? All right what thank you also my friend who I've been mentoring launched and she's really cool phone covers called hype slides. You can find it on Instagram type in that hype slides. It's a phone cover and it's very practical cuz you can just do this. Is that why? Hello chancla, what are your a socials? Michelle Phan follow Michelle at Michelle Phan on Van I keep saying it's easier p h a n on Instagram all your other social sits on their support support a bunch of any worse. I'm not paying the music stuff that you're doing though. That's like a go to Hello thematic. Com Ematic. Hello thematic. Calm and you can have access to all these great music for your content without having to worry about takedowns because Article 13 17 that's in the UK special. I also follow outside at off the pill on Twitter a topical podcast on Instagram. We still say it every single podcasts. We will one day have them be the same thing. Until then all of us there. That was that was our first alley podcast. It was not bad luck Kings. You got to work out working key, but let's do the proper out, right? So how we end these are basically just breathe into the mic and 3 2 1 These ones don't have snow yet because no one has done that yet.