My boyfriend loves the NFL!
Hey, man, did you catch the NFL draft?
How do you feel about the Raiders moving to Las Vegas?
What do you think of the Seahawks chances?
Hey there.  You excited about the upcoming season?  What's your team?
Let's talk about the NFL.
Do you think the Broncos will be able to compete again this year?
Hey do you watch football?
Who do you think is going to win the NFC South this season?
Hey there, are you going to watch any NFL games this season?
Hey man, do you follow football?
So, how do you think the Green Bay Packers will do this year?
What is your favorte team?
I heard the Chiefs are looking for a new running back.
I just saw the 2014 AFC Divisional Playoff game.
So how are the falcons gonna do this year?
Did you hear Tom Brady has written a book?
Currently, do you have a favorite NFL team?
What team has the best color?
It's almost time for football to start training camps again.
Which of the incoming rookie quarterbacks do you think will have the best season in 2017?
Who do you think was the better Packers Quarterback Brett Favre or Aaron Rogers.
Guess what happens on 9/7/2017?
Are you ready for football season?
Are you a Packers fan
Do you watch a lot of football?
I'm ready for football season to start.
What do you think about the NFL's age limit for the draft?
Who do you think is the most underrated head coach in the NFL?
Are you ready for some football?  Less than two months until the regular season kickoff!
Have you been keeping up with the NFL draft?
Are you gonna go to the Steelers game next week?
I can't stand the Seahawks.
So pumped for the NFL coming back.
What do you think of the Raiders moving to Las Vegas?
Do you know what the most watched TV event is?
I feel bad for Peter Craws.
Who do you think are the best NFL quarterbacks?
Pick a dark horse NFL championship matchup.
Can you believe it's time for preseason football in a couple of weeks?
Do you think it's actually awkward for Raiders fans to support the team, knowing that they're leaving town in a few years?
What's with all the football hype?
Hey, where are you going to see the game?
Who's your all time favorite NFL team?
What do you think about the Oakland Raiders moving to Las Vegas?
So who's going to the Super Bowl this year?
I was reading an article a couple days ago about the 2017 Football Hall Of Fame inductees.
Hey, what do you think about football?
Do you like Colin Kaepernick?
Hey how do you think the Texans will do this year?
Hey
This fall is the new NFL season are you ready?
Who do you think was the best kicker in NFL History?
So what will the Patriots do to cheat this year?
If you could play any position in football what would you choose.
What NFL team is gonna win it all next year?
Who is your favorite nfl wide quarterback?
We're getting closer to the start of the new NFL season with each passing day!
So, are you getting excited for the new season?
What do you think of Peyton Manning?
Are you ready for the NFL season to start?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Do you like football?
What's the latest news on Ryan Tannehill?
Are footballs really made out of the skin of pigs?
Yea, I am not sure about the Seahawks. I believe more in the Patriots.
Do you think the Patriots will win another Super With Brady and Bill Belichick?
Hi
Man summers are so boring !!  I can not wait until football season
Who is your favorite football player?
Who do you think is the greatest receiver in NFL history?
Let's talk about the NFL.
I love the Seattle Seahawks.
What do you think about Drew Brees?
Did you watch that ESPN: 30 for 30 on the 1985 Chicago Bears?
I really hope that we get to the Super Bowl this year.
Will the Oakland Raiders be any good next season?
I can't wait until the NFL comes back.
How do you feel about Colin Kaepernick?
Who are some of the legendary coaches in NFL history?
You a fan of the Cincinnati Bengals?
Do you like football?
NFL season's coming up. I sure hope my team does well.
What about them Packers?
Do you think NFL football is too violent?
What are your thoughts on the AFC South?
Are you excited to repeat this year.
Who is the top prospect for Penn State this year?
Let's talk about the NFL.
So, what do you think about the Dolphins quarterbacks this season?
I know some people call football an American past time, but it seems popular all over the world.
What do you want to talk about?
Getting ready for the upcoming NFL season?
Did you catch the Chargers game last night?
Did you watch last years Superbowl?
Who do you think is the worst NFL team in the league right now?
The packers have to be looking for a new QB soon
Hey bro! Ready for the season?
Can't wait for the upcoming NFL season.
What do you think of the Giants' chances this year in the NFC?
Man can anyone beat the Patriots?
I'm looking forward to seeing the New York Giants this season!
Hey, do you want to join my NFL Fantasy Football League?
Hey, what do you think about football?
i miss the old nfl
You ready for football season?
Are you a big football fan?
Do you plan on watching the upcoming NFL season?
Hey dude
I just heard startling news about the NFL.
Who do you consider America's football team?
Hey did marshawn lynch retire again
So, what do you think of the Detroit Lions this year?
What do you think about the Bills firing Rex Ryan?
Who do you think is better wide receiver Marvin Harrison or Reggie Wayne?
How do the Colts look this year.
What do you think about all the rookies going into the league this year.
Are you excited about football season?
What do football players do after they finish their career?
So it loks like the Bucs want Ali Marpet as the center lineman.
Are you a Dallas Cowboy fan?
First question, most obvious question, what should the LA Rams do with the No. 1 pick?
Still the winningest team in superbowl history is the steelers.
Who's your favorite NFL quarterback?
You know if Christian Ponder is still in the league?
What's your favorite NFL team?
Hey
Oh just sixety more days till pre-season football starts
What did you think of the superbowl.
How about those Lions?
What is that you're wearing?
You ready for another football season?
Hey
So what NFL players do you think are going to have big years?
Who is your favorite NFL \team?
The Dolphins training camp start July 27th?
I am bored, do you want to do something?
How many NFL team are there in the league?
Hey, what do you think about football?
If you had to name one, who would you say is the all time best football player ever?
Have you ever been to an NFL game?
Jacob, what's going today with the watch party?
Do you think the NFL season should be longer?
So then the wonderlic test is kinda useless
How do you feel about the NFL's rules?
No one cares about the Rams. Every team they've played has been mediocre.com
Bro, you ready for football?
Did you catch the game last night?
NFL season is coming up soon!
So what are you expecting for the upcoming NFL season?
How about that Andy Dalton?
Hello
So, what is this - football?
So, what are you thinking for your fantasy football draft strategy this year?
Did you hear about Marshawn Lynch coming back to the NFL?
Who do you think is the best NFL franchise?
Who are some of your favorite NFL teams?
How do you think the Patriots are going to do this year?
Could you believe the foorball season is right around the corner?
Do you think the Pittsburgh Steelers play dirty?
So, who's your favorite football team?
Is it football season yet?
Is it football season yet?
Honey, wake up!
How many more Superbowls do you think Brady can win?
So how do you think the Seahawks will do this year?
What do you think about Aaron Rodgers?
Why didn't Randy Moss break all of Jerry Rices records?
Ready for the Patriots to win another Superbowl?
Are there any other countries that are interested in Football like we are in the USA?
I can't believe the Patriots won another Superbowl
I've been thinking about NFL referees.
Here's a story of a man named Brady.....
Hey man you ready for some football?
Did you like the SUPERBOWL?
Are you excited like I am for the new NFL season?
What was the greatest NFL team of all time?
Would you be surprised if the Philadelphia Eagles won the Superbowl next year?
What do you think about the Browns this year?
Hey, who won Super Bowl V?
The preseason starts soon!
Did you see the Patriots picked up Brandin Cooks?
How do you think the Titans will be this year?
Who do you think are the most famous players in the NFL?
The NFL is a very unique sports organization.
I saw highlights from Superbowl II last night.
Hey, which team is your favorite NFL team?
Do you follow the NFL draft at all?
Hey! I got two tickets to the big game this weekend. Wanna go?
T minus 2 months until the 2017 NFL season begins. I can't wait!
So are you excited about the Packers this season?
Are you excited about the new Falcon's stadium next season?
Are you ready for the coming NFL season this year?
Which team do you think will have a breakout season this year?
Is the Bears game on?
How many teams are in the NFL?
Do you like the Seattle Seahawks?
You know what I think is needed?
The NFL season is in two months.
I am so excited for the Cowboys this season!
What is your favorite sport?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Why is football so popular in the US?
My favorite team is the Panthers. What's yours?
Are you excited for the Texans this coming season?
Are you ready for some football???
Do you think Jerry Rice is the best NFL receiver ever?
What's your opinion on the Broncos?
With the Miami Dolphins Tight ends, the big question is Julius Thomas.
Oakland is going to enjoy having Marshawn lynch this season though.
I'm very impressed by Timber Thomas.
So, are you still a really big NFL fan?
Do you think the position of running back is a dying breed?
I bet you are excited about watching the new NFL season starting in Sept.
My boy Zeke is going to tear it up this year.
Do you recall Super Bowl III?
Are you an Eagles fan?
Are you ready for some football?
I'm researching Ken Smith and his stats.
Hey, what do you think about football?
Do you like NFL football?
If you could play for any NFL team which would it be?
Yea, well Seattle has won the big game and been to it twice in the past couple years.
Which team are you rooting for in the upcoming football season?
Are you ready for the pre-season game?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
You a Giants fan?
What do you think of the San Francisco 49ers this season?
Who do you think is a better football team: the Baltimore Ravens or the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Who is your favorite NFL player?
Can't wait to eat at the game.
Football is an exciting sport.
Hey, I am so excited about the upcoming season for the Chiefs. How about you?
Do you think the NFL should have more games?
I'm thinking of volunteering at the Superbowl this year.
Hey, what do you think about football?
Hey, what do you think of the Raiders chances this year?
Do you follow the NFL at all?
Which team in the NFL do you like the least?
I was reading about the top draft pick for the 2018 NFL draft.
Let's have a conversation on football
Do you want to go to the football game tonight?
It's tough being a 49ers fan these days.
Hey, are you a fan of NFL football?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Are there any NFL teams you route against?
This year for sure I'm going to get to a home game for the NFL.
What is your favorite NFL team?
Yea, they may be going down this year.
The summer is so boring without football!
What's your favorite sport to watch on the weekend?
Hey, will you be watching and NFL games this season?
What are some teams that you're excited about in the NFL next season?
Do you think the Patriots will win the superbowl again this year?
Atlanta Falcons
Whew this rough
There are a couple teams this year that could really make some noise.
So football season is almost upon us once again.
I was reading about Andrew Luck and I hope he'll be able to play soon.
How do you think the redskins will shape up this year?
Are you excited for the NFL to start in the fall?
Are you ready for the party?
Who is the best NFL team?
What's your favorite NFL team for the coming season?
Did you see the NFL draft at all?
EJ just got picked by the Bills.
What do you think about the Chargers and Raiders both moving to new cities?
Man I am pumped for this upcoming season.
Did you hear the Saints signed Adrian Peterson this morning?
Another lame football season.
Man, I cannot wait until the start of the NFL season.
So who do you think will win the NFC division in 2017?
Dude, football is almost back!
Do you think football is losing its popularity?
What is your favorite football team?
Yo
Hey Uncle Lenny I am free today did you want to hang?
I want to go to a Vikings game this season.
I am sure glad that NFL football is about to begin.
Yea, it should be a great season.
Are you a big football fan?
How good do you think the jets will be this year?
Hey, who do you think will make the NFL Superbowl 2018?
Hey, what do you think about football?
How are you feeling about the upcoming NFL season?
I think the Steelers are headed nowhere fast
Hey, what do you think about football?
What are your expectation for this coming NFL season?
Are you going to any NFL games this upcoming season?
So who is your favorite team in the NFL?
Did you see fox sports over under predictions for NFL teams this year?
Who do you think is going to win the NFC West this year?
What are the chances the Cowboys make the super bowl?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl VII.
Are you excited for football this year?
Can you believe it - the new NFL season is almost here.
Did Derek Carr deserve his deal?
Hey Bart! Are you ready for some football?
Want to talk about nfl
Things just don't feel right in my life unless its football season, how about you?
Who is hosting the Super Bowl this coming season?
I really miss the NFL at the moment!
I just got my season tickets for the Dallas cowboys.
Are you ready for some football?
I can't wait to see how Jamal Adams does on the Jets
How do you think the Carolina Panthers will do this year?
Worst team in the NFL this year. What are your thoughts?
So i see Houston has to face New England in the third game of the pre-season.
What do you know about the NFL?
I just saw highlights of Superbowl XXXIX.
Did you see the last Eagles game?
You like the Seahawks?
I'm really confused about the NFL and its TV schedule.
Who do you think the greatest running back in Raiders history is?
How do you think the Cowboys will do this year?
Who is going to win the AFC west this season?
Man this game is a blowout
When can kids sign up for football?
Who do you think is the best running back ever?
What are some of the best NFL video games of all time?
Hey, man, are you ready for some NFL?
Only a month til preseason starts!!
It seems like the Seahawks might be on the downswing, but they still have a good coach.
What's the most emotional NFL moment you witnessed?
Will there be a race in the NFC South next year?
So what do you think of Jaylon Smith.
Hard to believe football starts in less than two months.
What is your favorite year of your favorite team?
I just read that the NFL cheerleaders only get paid $150 per game.
Hey you going to the game this weekend?
Who are you going to be rooting for this NFL season?
I'm worried about the future of the NFL.
Do you like the New York Jets?
So, who is your SECOND favorite football player?
Hey
What do you think of the rule changes the NFL has made?
Where do you think the league goes from here?
Are you an NFL fan?
How do you think the Dallas Cowboys will do this season?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Hey question
What's your favorite NFL team?
Hey, do you want to watch Sunday Night football next week?
Do you think there's a certain age where footballer's are just too old to play?
Hey, who won Super Bowl IV?
Yea, well if Seattle isn't good. I wonder who that opens the door for.
Hey! do you think Brett Favre is a good influence for Aaron Rodgers?
Are you ready for some football?!?
What do you think of the Buccaneers?
I don't really mind football, Shirley, do you?
Hey pal, only 2 months till the NFL returns
Who do you think the top NFL teams will be this year?
Who's your favorite team?
You looking forward to the NFL season this year?
Who do you think will be the five best receivers in the NFL next year?
What's going on Brian? Aren't you a Raiders fan?
What are your thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
you ready for some football
Hey, are you a Steelers fan?
Do you know how many teams are in the nfl?
Do you think the raiders will be as good as they showed last year?
I certainly miss the old coach post game meltdowns.
Who is the best AFC team?
Who is Indianapolis Colts coach?
Guess what?
What team are you a fan of?
Let's talk about football.
Is J.J Watt the greatest defensive player of all time?
What NFL team is your favorite?
What do you think about the Raiders?
Who do the Bills play the first week of the season?
What do you think Gonk is going to do this year.
Do you remember who played in the first Super Bowl?
Do you think the Seahawks will get back to the Superbowl this season?
You ready for the NFL this year?
Who do you have for MVP this year?
Hi, do you watch NFL?
Who do you think it the top running back in the league?
who do you think the best running backs are going to be next year
Did you catch the draft?
I can't wait for football to start this year.
Did Titans pick up any WRs? They sorely needed some
When does the NFL season begin?
Which football team is from Dallas?
Can you believe the preseason is only a month away?
Are you ready for some football?
Do you think the Patriots will win the SUperbowl again this year.
So what are your opinions on legal steroid use for NFL players?
Are you interested in football at all?
Do you think New York has a chance this year?
Do you ever watch the Dallas Cowboys games?
Hi
Hey
So what do you think about the Rams moving back to LA?
I hear that Ezekiel Elliot is ready to up his game this season.
So it looks like Raymond James Stadium is not going to raise ticket sales.
Know what I think is hilarious?
So football season starts in just a couple more months.
Who do you think is going to win the NFC this year?
Who's your favorite NFL team?
Do you think Colin Kaepernick has a spot on an NFL roster?
Are you ready for some football?!! The NFL season is just 6 weeks away.
Do you think Jerry Rice was the best.
What do you think JJ Watts?
Hey did you know that football season starts soon?
What do you like about the NFL?
Have you seen the movie Concussion?
Who do you think is the best quarterback in the NFL right now?
Do you plan on watching football next year?
Who do you think will win the NFC East this upcoming season?
I think the Patriots are going to be the best team again this year!
I love the Vikings to be a sleeper team this year.
I can't wait for football season!
Yo, what do you think about the Eagles chances this year?
Looks like the Raiders are Winning!
I just saw the highlights of Superbowl V.
Lets talk about football
Are you ready for the NFL season?
Are you ready for NFL this fall?
What do you think are some up and coming teams this year in the NFL?
I really hope the Vikings go to the Superbowl this year.
Do you recall who won the 2nd Super Bowl?
Do you follow the NFL coaching staff at all?
Hey how do you think the Seahawks will do this season?
Do you watch NFL?
I am so excited for football to start!
Well, it's getting close to pro football season.
Yea, I just truly think that Tom Brady is tough to beat.
If you could take any NFL team from any era which would you say is the best?
Has football season started?
I actually like Denver Broncos for winning this year.
I can't wait for the NFL to start!
Here we go Steelers!  Here we go.
I am ready to watch some football!
The NFL season is almost here, are you going to any games?
Who do you want to win the Superbowl this year?
What do you think about Steve Smith Sr. retiring last year?
So football season is coming up. Are you excited?
Can the Patriots success ever be repeated?
Who do you think the best teams will be this year?
Hey do you think anyone is going to challenge the PAtriots for the AFC crown?
Hi
Hey, what's up?
Whos the fastest player in the NFL?
Are you ready for this years NFL season?
Do you think that the Seattle Seahawks could make another Super Bowl appearance this year?
Do you like football?
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
Did you like when the Sants won it all?
Who is your favorite team?
Hey, are you going to be home Sunday for the game?
What did you think about last years NFL games?
Any thoughtse on how you think the 49ers will do this year?
What is the best game you ever played?
I'm so sick of the Broncos fans around here.
Okay. But what about the other players, tho?
The Buffalo Bills.
Are you ready to be quizzed?
Which NFL team do you like to root for, despite not needing to?
Lets talk about football
How Rex Ryan getting the boot again.
What is your opinion of the Washington Redskins?
The Rams are going to be awful this year.
I cant wait for football season to start
I read a ranking list of the best football players ever. Guess who was number one?
Did you see the new quarterback the Bears drafted?
Steelers are gonna win it all this year!
So how are you doing this evening?
So something i've always wondering.
Do you watch NFL football?
Hey
Who do you think has the best stadium in the NFL?
Do you think the Steelers will do well this year?
Did you see that story about The Raiders?
hester is the best return man ever
I'm marking off the days on the calendar to the most exciting day of the year.
Hey Bro, Whats up? I haven't seen you in a long time!
Who is your favorite NFL team.
You know what;'s funny though?
Do you think this upcoming NFL season will be good?
Can you believe the start of the NFL season is just about 2 months away know?
Hi
What do you think of the whole cte stuff.
Do yo like Cedric Thorton?
Did you read about the draft grade that the Chicago Bears got?
Let's talk about NFL football.
Who is the best NLF team this year?
What do you think about some of the new rules in the NFL?
I can't wait for football season!
What do you think about Cam Newton?
What do you think was the best move this off season?
How long do you think Tom Brady will keep playing?
Who is the next big QB in the league?
So how about those Miami running backs?
EJ just got picked by the Bills.
Which football player do you think had the hardest time retiring?
I was looking at Fantasy Football strategy for this year and it's hard to tell who are the top running backs in the NFL this year.
So what is the deal with Jacksonville?
Who is the favorite to win the Super Bowl this year?
Can you believe Dak Prescott supposedly doesn't provide real autographs?
What is the Raiders situation this year?
Do you like Aaron Rodgers?
Have you ever been to an NFL game before?
Lets talk about football
How exited are you for the nfl season to start.
Which state has the worst football team in the NFL would you say?
Who do you think is a better quarterback, Manning or Brady?
How are the Patriots looking for the fall?
What Philadelphia Eagle's coach do you like the most?
Who is the best NFL player of all time?
Who do you think is the nicest player in the NFL?
What is the most evenly matched division in the NFL today?
I just saw highlights of Superbowl IV.
Bill Romanowski is pretty crazy, even by linebacker standards!
Well you know the NFL has different parts of a season right
Which is your favorite football team.
How about them St. Louis Rams?
So are you going to go to Latrobe to watch training camp?
When was the last time fair catch kick resulted in a score in an NFL game, I wonder...
Who do you think will win the MVP award this year?
Let's talk about NFL football.
Lets talk about football
What is youtr favorite team?
I was listening to the radio today.  They had a list of the best coaches for the Saints.
Who is the best quarterback in the NFL currently?
Will anyone break Peyton Manning's passing record for yardage?
How do you think Tom Brady will do this season?
I think the Browns are going to turn it around this year!
So, how do you feel about the world of sports these days?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
Who do you think is the greatest NFL team of all time?
What is an interesting fact about your team that most people don't know?
Lets talk about football
Hey man, are you ready for football this season?
Football season isn't too far off!
Do you think football players are making too much money these days?
Hey man do you think they will still be going on about Deflate-Gate this year.
Hey, which team do you think will be the biggest surprise of the season in the NFL?
Football is my favorite sport
Will Marshawn Lynch have a good season with the Raiders?
Have you seen the crazy money going around the NFL right now?
So, which division is driven by the best quarterbacks?
Are you going to be watching the big game between the Vikings and Packers?
Hey Brandon how's it going?
How do you think the Browns wll do this year
The Redskins are going to own this year.
What are your thoughts on Roger Goodell?
Who is your favorite team?
I just watched Superbowl III.
Do you think the Chicago bears will ever rise again.
Only a little over a month before the NFL season starts. Are you excited?
Who do you like in the NFC this year to go to the Superbowl?
Who do you think is the worst NFL team?
Did you watch the Superbowl last night?
Do you think Eli Manning is better then his brother?
Who's your favorite team this year?
I'm pumped for next season! How about you?
What your thoughts on the eagles this year?
So who is your favorite NFL player of all time?
Who do you think will have great season in the NFL this year?
So who is your favorite NFL team these days?
I think Tom Brady should retire?
Are you a football fan?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Do you like the Dolphins?
Did you hear that the Chargers are moving to Los Angeles?
What do you think about Las Vegas getting an NFL team?
Are you looking forward to the upcoming season?
So it looks like the Texans are getting a new Quarterback coach.
Are the Chiefs going go to repeat as AfC West Champs?
How do you feel about the Faithful?
Will the NFL expand ever again?
Did you catch the practice footage for the upcoming game?
Do you like football?
Who do you think the best quarterback in the NFL will be this year?  And you can't say Tom Brady.
Hey, what do you think about football?
How about the NFL East?
Dude, what's up with the Bears?
Who do you like in the NFL this year?
Do you think the Falcons can bounce back after that crushing Super Bowl loss?
I just saw Superbowl XXXVI on replay last night.
Tom Brady is a very good quarterback.
Who do you think will win the Super Bowl this season?
What NFL team do you hate?
Aren't you a Packers fan?
I can't wait for the upcoming NFL season!
Who is the best Manning?
Where do the Eagles play?
O.K., I've got one for you.  What was the greatest football team of all time?
Are you as excited as me for the upcoming NFL season?
Do you like the 49ers?
Who is your favorite football player?
What's your favorite NFL division?
Have you ever been to any NFL games?
My favorite sport is football. What is yours?
Who do you think had the best draft in the NFL?
Who is your favorite football player of all time.
Do you like the Chicago Bears?
Hey, how is your team gearing up for the new NFL season?
Do you think the Cowboys can win the Super Bowl this year?
this season should be awesome!
What in a game drives you crazy?
What were the best touchdown dances you have ever seen in NFL history?
Well another NFL season is getting ready to start.
Do you like football
How do you feel about some of the  obscure rules governing the NFL?
I think this is the year the Raiders finally go deep in the playoffs.
Man, I used to love the Minnesota Vikings.
Hey
Hey are you ready for the next football season? Are you playing fantasy football?
So will you be watching any NFL games this year?
Is the game on at your house this weekend?
So it is almost football season.
What do you want to talk about?
Are you ready for the Lions' season?
Soon enough the 2017 NFL season will start!
I'm looking forward to Sunday. It's time to renew the rivalry with Tom Brady.
Who do you think the best quarterback in the NFL is?
Let's talk about the NFL.
I have the worst co-worker at my workplace.
Do you like the Eagles?
So what about the Seahawks this year? Think they can get back the glory?
What did they before the Superbowl?
What did you think of the draft for the NFC east teams?
Are you looking forward to this upcoming NFL season?
I remember the good old days of NFL Monday Night Football!
What do you think about football?
What do you think of the Giants chances this year?
Who is your all-time favorite football player?
Hey Shayne what's going on with you today?
Do you like the superbowl?
What do think of the controversy over the Washington NFL's team's nickname?
Have you seen the Saints roster for training camp?
The Patriots, cheaters or not?
Do you want to make a bet on the upcoming NFL season?
Do you remember when the Falcons too Ryan in 2008.
do you watch the NFL?
Who is your favorite player on the Carolina Panthers?
What is your favorite NFL team?
I want to see the Browns be good again
I saw highlights from Superbowl VI last night.
What afc team do you think will make the SUPERBOWL this year?
The Cowboys offensive line is incredible.
Did you watch the NFL Draft?
How much do you know about the Super Bowl?
Do you think Brian Dawkins should be in the hall of fame?
What kind of drills do football players do?
Hey, do you watch NFL football?
Who do you think is going to win the SuperBowl next season?
So how long do you think Brady will play for?
Do you know anything about football?
Hi are you a fan of NFL football?
Who will have the best defense in the NFL next season?
People like system analysts, chemists score 32 and 31 respectively.
Hey do you think anyone can beat New England this year?
Do you collect football memoribilia?
Any news on Big Ben Rothensberger?
What is going to be the story line of the NFL this season?
What's up man, you see the new Sports Illustrated?
Soon we get to see how good the SeaHawks have been practicing in the off season!
Dude did you watch the super bowl?
What do you think of the Cowboy's chances this year?
When does the NFL season start?
Hey how do you feel about the upcoming NFL season?
Do you remember the Buffalo Bills of the 90s?
What position in an NFL team do you think is the best?
I love football and can't wait for the season to start.
What's up with the Raiders new colors?
Who is your favorite NFL team these days?
I'm ready for football season!
What's your favorite NFL team?
So the winningest QB for the superbowl is Brady?
So do you think the Patriots will repeat this year?
I like the Philadelphia Eagles , don't you?
When do you think Tom Brady will retire?
Man, watching the Browns last year was rough.
Are you a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles?
Hey who is your favorite NFL team?
Are you ready for the upcoming NFL season?
How about Dem' Boys?
Tell me, what was Deflategate all about?
The Seahawks may just be trending downwards.
So, have you done anything fun in the past few months?
Do you want to join my fantasy football league?
The Eagles are going to be so good this year.
Do you think the panthers will bounce back this year?
What do you think about the Carolina Panthers this season?
I really think Tom Brady is going to win.
Hey! Only 10 days until the NFL training camp starts!
ARE YOU AN NFL FAN?
You ready for another Giants Superbowl win?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
Yo J.D., did you by chance see the new Chargers stadium being built?
Do you follow the NFL?
Do you remember the New York Giants Super Bowl run?
You stoked to see how the Cowboys will do this year without Romo?
Are you ready for football?
Did you have a favorite football team growing up?
Hey are you excited that its almost time for the NFL season to start?
The New Orleans Saints aren't a good team.
Hey Jim, why so glum?
What do you think are the Browns going to turn it around this year?
The one nice thing about summer ending will be it means football season starts.
Who is your favorite NFL team?
I am a huge Atlanta Falcons fan.  Do you follow the Falcons?
Getting excited about NFL football camps opening soon?
Do you think the dolphins winning ten games was a fluke?
I would like to see Tom Brady on a different team
Hey, what do you think about football?
Football!!!! Alright!  Almost time for football!!!
Who do you think will win the most games next season?
Are you excited to see the roster for the New York Giants. I know some of them.
I think the Cowboys are going to kill it this year.
Who won the game?
I loved Superbowl 49.
Guess who is making a comeback.
So, just a little under 3 months and Football Season starts.
Hey
So are you still a big football fan?
Hey man who is the best quarterback to play in the NFL
Who's your favorite football team?
Man, now I'm all hyped up for the season. i can't wait until September, It's still 2 months away...
Did you ever go to an NFL gsme?
Who do you think is the greatest quarterback in Philadelphia Eagles history?
You know what I think is the dumbest way to use the running back is?
What's your favorite NFL team?
Do you think this year will be the year for the Washington Redskins?
NFL preseason is right around the corner !
What do you think of the upcoming football season?
Only a few weeks until NFL training camp. I can't wait.
Hey I just saw the NFL draft a few weeks ago. You ready for the season?
Do you get excited about watching NFL games on TV?
Did you hear about your favorite player?
Hi are you reading the NFL page on ESPN.com?
Want to talk about football?
The NFL season starts exactly two months from today!  Are you excited as I am?
I am still amazed by Superbowl LI.
Do you watch football?
I wonder who the oungest QB to win the superbowl is...
Do you think the league has its hand on the domestic violence issue?
Where are the boys?
Who is the best team in football?
Who is the first head coach to go this year?
Who do you think is the greatest QB ever.
I can't wait for football season.
So you're a 49er fan.  Name some players.
So I heard that you're a bit of a trivia buff.
So where did that guy play in college?
Who's the best team in the NFL?
Who do you have making the playoffs this year?
This should be an exciting NFL season, shouldn't it?
So, what's your opinion on the NFL as a company?
Are you still a fan of the Bungles?
Hello Broseph
So what do you think about the Ravens' chances this season?
How do think the Steelers will do this year?
How do you think the Patriots will do this season?
Do you think the cardinals will be any good this year?
Can't wait for the football season to get here. Summer will not be over soon enough.
Can you believe the end of the superbowl last year?
How about dem Browns?
Hey, did you hear the Raiders are moving to Vegas?
Hi! are you  a fan of football?
Hey Susie you watching the game tonight?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Lets talk about sports
Are you looking forward to the NFL season?
Are you ready?
I can't wait for the nfl season to start.
When is the 2017 draft anyway?
When do you think the NFL allows legal gambling?
Hey are you watching the Broncos game tomorrow?
Have you kept up with the NFL during the off season?
So, tell me about your picture here.
Hey
What you watching?
Whats up
Who do you think has the worst personality in the NFL?
How many Super bowls did the Steelers win?
So i see Ryan Griffin is going to be the Second String QB for Tampa
Well I just hope the Falcons get it, really.
How do you think Drew Brees will do this season?
I can't believe the Patriots are still winning after all these years.
Hey, who are you most looking forward to seeing play this year?
So do you think Tom Brady is gonna be able to win another Super Bowl?
Tom Brady's had several concussions, do you think he's still going to be any good?
aside from Tom Brady, who do you think the best quarterbacks were in the 2016 season
Who do you think will get the Heisman trophy this year?
looks like brady and the pat are still the best
Who's the other player that won 5 superbowls?
What do you think about the Detroit Lions next season?
Did the 49ers fire Chip Kelly last year?
You pumped for the Eagles this season?
What are your thoughts about the NFC East this year?
Do you do a Fantasy Football draft like this every year?
How do you think the next NFL season will go?
O.K. the other day we talked about the greatest NFL team of all time--who was the greatest player?
I am so upset with the transgressions of last years Superbowl.
How is this season gonna play out?
Have you seen the new Carolina Panthers workout video?
Lets talk about football
I wouldn't count out Green Bay just yet either.
Hey you ready for football season
So, what's your favorite sport?
Hey man did you get your Saints season tickets in the mail yet?
Hey - I can't wait for the new NFL Season - how about you?
Are you excited for preseason.
I think that football games in the NFL are way too long, don't you think?
So what are going to be the worst teams in the NFL this year?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Hey man, when does the NFL season start?
I was thinking today about first round busts in the NFL.
Where is the Super Bowl going to be this season?
Any thoughts on the Detroit Lions?
Ugg,it is almost fall.
Which sport do you think is the most popular in America?
I am so looking forward to seeing the Vikings play this year.
How are your Redskins looking for next season?
who do you thnk is the GOAT?
Hey, are you looking forward to football this fall?
What do you think about the Chargers moving to LA?
Who's your team this year?
Yea, there are a few teams that just seem to be bordering falling off.
Who do you think is the G.O.A.T. (Greatest of all-time)?
Who do you think is the best team to never win a Super Bowl.
Are you a football fan?
What do you think about the Falcon's chances this year?
Do you have any good stories?
What are your thoughts on J.J. Watt?
What do you think about the Raiders this year?
Can anyone beat the Patriots this season?
Hey, what do you think about football?
What do you think the chances of the Buffalo Bills are?
I am in the mood for some football!
Let's talk about NFL football.
When did the NFL begin?
Do you think Dak Prescott can get Dallas to a championship this year?
So do you watch football?
Because, what do the running backs do?
I think I'd be a great NFL announcer.
Which team in the NFL would you like to see go see
Who do you think will go far this year and make it to the Super Bowl.
How good are the Seattle Seahawks?
What happened to the Bengals last year?
Do you have season tickets to NFL games?
What does NFL stand for?
So, where are you originally from?
Hi, NFL season is starting soon. I can't wait for the weekends during football season!
So, Week 1.... Bucs VS Bengals.
Hey what do you think about steroids in football?
I think the Cowboys are going to be underwhelming this year. What do you think?
Do you think Tom Brady was legitimately guilty in the deflation scandal?
Do you watch NFL football?
Who is the best team in the Midwest.
What football scandals do you remember?
Do you like the Raiders?
Hey man, did you hear about NFL deflategate?
Unlucky.
So i was reading that Jamis Winston could break some touvhdown ecords this season.
I am so ready for NFL to start back up.
Who do you think is the most controversial football player?
Do you think the Eagles will be any good this year?
Yea, I think Tom Brady will still complete until he's 100.
Man this game
Yo, we gonna have the same NFL deal this year?
It won't be long until the NFL season starts.
How many football teams are in the NFL?
So, it is just about a month until the preseason starts.
So who do you think is going to the Super Bowl this year?
Do you think the Browns will be improved this season?
I love the Sunday afternoon games on Fox, but there's on massive issue for me.
Man, the Falcons are stacked next year.
Do you think the Steelers will take the division?
I just saw Superbowl XXXVIII on replay.
Hey! Football season is coming up!
I cannot wait for the NFL season to start.
Can't wait for the NFL season.
Can you name some greats?
You bet i am I love spending my Sunday's watching football.
Do you think a 2000 yard season from a wide receiver is possible?
Hey Phil you been keeping up with NFL lately?
Hey, I see the Chiefs are coming out to Foxborough for opening day. Catch a flight and come out out.
One major thing we have in common is our love for the NFL. Would you agree?
Are you ready for some football!!!!!
You say that NFL football is your favorite sport to watch.
Dude, what happened to the Panthers last year?
Hey are you psyched about this coming NFL season?
I can't believe football will be starting soon!
Yo
Do you like the Minnesota Vikings?
Tell me what your thoughts are about the new NFL Season.
I want to take my Dad to see the Browns this year.
Whats your favorite team?
Can you believe the NFL season is just two months away ?
Do you think the Cardinals have a shot this year?
Hey are you ready for NFL preseason?
Yea, Seattle is really going to have to play defense if they expect to win.
Want to go a game this year?
Who do you think is the best RB ever?
Hey when does the NFL pre-season start this year?
It's almost football season!
Are you a football fan?
Ready for some football?
Have you read sports illustrated articles on their NFL predictions?
Ready for a Miami Super Bowl?
I can't believe football is almost back!
Do you think that Leveon Bell will stay healthy this season?
So do you think the Patriots can repeat this year?
Can you believe there is only 2 months left before the NFL Season?
Hey bro what are you watching?
Who is your favorite Cardinals player?
Did you get your BUCS tickets yet?
So, are you a football fan?
What do you think about the Eagles new draft picks?
Do you think Atlanta will be good again?
What are your thoughts on the AFC West for next season?
What are your thoughts on the Washington Redskins?
Do you think that hockey is the most brutal sport around?
You're a panther's fan right?
Besides the Patriots, who do you think wins the AFC?
I'm ready for Manning to come back.
Alright my man, let's talk about the NFC North.
Hey there
How is it that Ryan Fitzpatrick scored so high yet he sucks?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Are you excited about the NFL season being so close?
The only thing I don't like about summer, no NFL.
Have you heard of Henry Pines?
Is the NFL going to have a game or two in England again this year?
Yea, I wouldn't bet on the Seahawks. They seem to be trending downwards.
Who's your favorite NFL player?
did you see the Super Bowl last year
I can't see the television!
There was some controversy over an NFL player's football cards not having an authentic signature.
It seems as if the last NFL season just flew by. Don't you think?
Who do you think the greatest QB in NFL history is?
It's hard to believe football season is coming up again
What role did Jim Thorpe play in founding the NFL.
What do you think was the best defense in NFL history?
So how stoked are you about the NFL fotbll this season?
Romo had a nice game against the bears.
Who's the top high school football player in Pennsylvania?
Can you name me your top five players in the NFL?
I am so excited today!
What do you think of the Cleveland Browns in the NFL?
Do you think the NFL cares about the safety of the players.
Hey, do you keep up with NFL football?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Who wins the Super bowl this year?
I'm ready for this season!
After watching last year's Super Bowl, it got me thinking. What is the biggest choke job in NFL history?
Are you excited for the NFL season to begin?
Are the Browns ever gonna be good?
Who's your favorite team?
The next NFL football season is coming up; what did you think of last season?
What was the worst play in NFL history?
Football please combe back on TV!
Did you hear about Keenan Low?
Hey buddy, want in our Fantasy League this year?
Hey do you know anything about football or watch anything about the NFL?
Do you think it's right that tax payers help pay for a new football stadium?
Did you catch any of the game last night?
Why didn't the patriots run the ball
So, what teams do want to see in the next Super Bowl?
I still think they cheat
Hey what do you think about the Patriots?
I read the other day that Zach Orr might be coming out of retirement and coming back to the NFL.
Whose your favorite ex-footballer?
Who do you think is the best running back ever?
So Ryan Tannenhill is returning for another season for Miami.
I suppose you're counting down the minutes until the new NFL season, am I right?
Are you an NFL fan?
What do you think of the Pittsburgh Steelers chances this year?
What about the Giants?
HI! Are you ready for the NFL football season to start?
Who do you think will go to the Super Bowl this year?
Who do you think has the best and worst uniforms in the NFL?
When does the NFL season start?
Do you think the Buffalo Bills should have fired Rex Ryan?
Do you think the NFL should favor expansion?
What do you think about the Quarterback situation in Houston?
Are you excited about the upcoming football season?
Hey there, are you excited about this upcoming football season?
Dez Bryant is going to tear the league up this year.
Who is the greatest Super Bowl Championship team of all time?
Who was that blackk guy. Played for the Canadian teams before NFL
Hey, it is July already.  You about ready for some football again?
Do you follow American football?
This upcoming NFL season should be awesome!
So what is your prediction for the Super Bowl this year?
Any thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
So, what is your favorite sport if you had to pick one?
Who do you think are the top four favorites for the Superbowl?
Who is the best team in the NFC?
Do you think a woman will ever play for the NFL?
What are your thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
When you were growing up, did you have a favorite NFL coach?
My boss use to have Season Tickets to the Bucs.
Did you ever collect football cards?
Do you think that the hard cap in the NFL has helped the NFL.
Are you a fan of the New England Patriots?
I'm really excited for the upcoming season.
are you ready for some football?
Hey there!  How 'bout them Cowboys?
I'm starting my fantasy football team soon.
It's not racism, right?
What did you think of the last Super Bowl?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
So man, you hear they are talking of doing guaranteed contracts in the NFL?
Hey what team do you support in the NFL?
Do you like sport?
I saw a replay of the first Superbowl last night.
Who do you think wins the NFC East this year?
What's your favorite NFL team?
Did you see the interview with Tom Brady about how long he wants to play in the NFL?
Yea, I would never count out Brady.
Are you excited about the NFL season this year?
Answer.sentence10
I understand that but wouldn't a live game be really exciting?
Oh, missed that part.. where did he get picked up from?
I thought it was so cool that he said he would only to come play for us.
That was a beating.
Heck yes.  That's why they always make the playoffs.
I agree, no one is like him.
He didnt show me enough in college.
What is a field goal?
Really? They had an awful 6-10 record last season.
I like Matt Ryan, and Julio Jones. What about you?
I just think Brady is getting a little old, and he can still play well but I don't know about another Superbowl.
Yes!  We have so many good receivers and if we can have any success in the running game, watch out!
Yeah, my other favorite team is the Pittsburgh Steelers.
Yeah, I'm sick of it.  They should stick to the game.  People watch the NFL to get away from politics.
It was a nice pass.
Everyone's
So it's not just a lot of practice that makes him good?
It came close. I was at a friends house for that game, and he is not a Denver fan, but even he felt it was very hard to get through.
It is really appealing
Right, so maybe this year will be the year the whole team actually makes it past the 1st playoff game.
Are you serious? The rookie quarterback for the dumpster fire that is the Cleveland Browns?
Farve is the Iron Man but Rogers in just unstoppable.
I hope the Chiefs win
It sure was!  I am still scratching me head about last season.
I have been to a few Panthers games, but no Colts games.
They do. So what team do you root for?
Yeah they will. That's why I chose that game.
So what if they do? They'll make $10 million and then finish as they retire.
Can we really attribute their success to the coach, or is it more the players?
I agree.  I don't think the Cowboys will be as good as they were last year, but I'm excited to see if I'm right or wrong.
That's true. The Seahawks defense is looking insane again.
I don't know school me.
I know they were trying to trade him this offseason.
Yeah, but I kind of wish we took Carson Wentz, he looks like he will be legit.
Yes, but it will be worth it.
I'm not a big football fan, but I always catch that game.
But what happened next?
I think Andrew Luck is great, too.
I choose the Bills and Bengals.
What did you think of their draft choices?
I could see that happening.
You kick the ball for field goals. But does it matter?
I like the lions.
What do you mean, he went to the Super Bowl five times.
Not really, because they are not loyal followers of the home team.
Now if only he could play defense too...
That's a nice touch, since families make a lot of sacrifices for them.
I dont know.  I guess I just never stopped cheering for them
I don't really have anything against him, I just believe that a lot of his beliefs are wrong.
I don't know, I wonder how being in Vegas will affect betting on the games.
Can you check
Yeah he is good but what about Demarco Murray?
The guy was automatic all year and missed a 40 yarder inside the dome. So sad.
I know...him, Welker, Amendola...same types.
I would pass to Smith or Huff.
Yes
Big time. Since they gave him all that cash the team hasn't been able to keep talent.
Mike Glennon will never be good.
Yeah, he was doing great in the preseason, but for some reason they decided he'd stand behind his awful line and wait to get tackled.
Well, he got really good receivers.
They left a city in LA for St. Louis, signed a deal that would allow them to leave, and then fleeced St. Louis for the stadium costs.
The head coach?  I think they'll do better
I drink too much.
That's no good.
Cow leather is used as the skins of the footballs.
He is still just a middle of the road quarterback.
Oh yeah, that was it. I could not remember what it was.
Yeah it's awful
Mannings last great year will be his first . What a bum
I agree with how he acts but still a great player.
Randy was great but I guess he is just old enough yet.
Oh nice!
Good point!
Yeah, the one for the telephone company.
Damn what a horrible way to go. Do you know when Emmitt Smith broke his rushing record?
Yes, but they'll still be in Oakland next season.
Do you think Derek will win a Superbowl before his career is over?
He also wants a lot more money than they want to pay.
I think you're right, which is why I think Kaepernick gets unfairly criticized as a player
The Packers won 5 championships in 7 years.
Marvin Lewis. Longest tenured coach after Belicheck.
I could see how you would be.
Actually, Sean McVay is their new coach. I thought you said that this was your team.
Yep, they sure are, to bad they haven't won any titles since 86.
Is the NFL doing anything about it?
Only time will tell. I'm also surprisingly bullish on Jacksonville this season.
Yes, better to go into the playoffs healthy.
You bet!
Yeah I always make sure I go to games when I can.
I know, but his progress does seem pretty genuine.  He looks like the leader this team needs.
I wonder where he learned to play?
I cant wait til next year
Hoping for it, you're son really took to the team too.
I like the sport and certain teams
I think Brady is decent but he's not as good as like Drew Brees when it comes to executing passes. But yeah Belichick is a mad man.
Their quarterback would be the first to go. He is a detriment to the team's performance.
No I think they will address it in a few years.
You know what was most surprising to me?
The one on Thanksgiving night?
50-Yard-Line actually, I'm gonna be hanging with the Gronk. Who do you like?
Maybe, but it's more likely they "sit down"
Beatty got paid and decided that the big paycheck was good enough for him.
Agreed!  He's the best DE in the league if he can stay free of injury.
But I know that they are starting to have some games over there
That would have been funny.
My husband and kids think he is the quarter back god.
The Falcons were up by 19 before the last quarter!
Really? I didn't know that. So Tom Brady is the best player in the NFL right now?
bowles is a terrible QB
They should've rolled this out years ago.
Me too.
Alright what do you think of tom brady
Their record wasn't too bad this past year.
Well I think they might but again, it is a rebuilding process all over again.
They both were 6 foot tall but Reggie played like a big receiver.
I miss Peyton Manning still.
Me too!
Yea, he had a rough year last year though.
You have to plan no matter what career you choose.
Well, that;s the problem too many seasons have elapsed to create a good team.
I would say it's Dez Bryant, as long as he can control his temper, he can play well.
That's a fair concern, though Goff did have a lot of control over playcalling in his final season.
Cowboys are at 8 also, but only won 5
So what teams do you like to root for?
Maybe the line wasn't any good.
That's right, you liked them since Marino was there.
The football
That was like the ninties, right?
I've always admired the bears.
That is a tough question, he is definitely worth a lot of money.
Nothing.
So they have had a Terrible Towl that long?
I like the dallas cowboys
As do I.
Sure, but can we go to the Patriots?  Brady is the man and what an awesome environment is looks like there.
Like what?
In my personal opinion that would be Peyton Manning.
1920, specifically August 20.
True.  But you vs one other guy until one of you gives up or is knocked out is super manly.
I did a few times in San Francisco many years ago.
Great view?
I wish you guys luck in that one, come over soon.
I don't really know. But imagine players who go into the playoffs having to play extra games during the regular season.
Well, Offensive tackles score the highest.
That one makes more sense, whereas other celebrations that don't disrupt the game should be left intact
Oh, I've seen all of the St Louis Games.
True but you can never count the G.O.A.T Tom Brady out.
I think he has been playing alight. I mean the Eagles are winning aren't they?
I agree, but that defense is still kind of so-so.
Yeah, they will be a solid playoff team and a dark horse to get to the Super Bowl.
Maybe, but they don't have Bill Belichek, or Mike Tomlin, either.
How so
yeah but were not in other countries.  we are here
Yeah but the yards and catches are awesome.
Was he unhappy there or something?
Yeah, Chuck Noll, Bill Cower, and Mike Tomlin.
I also like the raiders.
The only thing I have over him is my wife lets me eat junk food
I would like to see an underdog take it this year.
Even if they have bad chemistry at the start of the season that can change.
How can I give up a life-long allegiance to my team just because I moved somewhere else.  That would be stupid!
Randall Cunningham days i assume.
No I didn't I just didn't want to mention them.
I screamed again?
He was a really good QB too.
Well, some people say that Seahawks' quarterback didn't perform up to his capabilities.
Well, he's infinitely better than Brett Favre ever was.
Ok career receiving yards.  Jerry Rice had 22,895 yards.
Ben can actually take a hit if needed and not whiny like a baby.
Why?
A lot of people outside of Dallas don't like him, but his stats don't lie. He is an elite quarterback as well
You're right and speaking of pass interference, the pro rule should be changed.
I think Cam Newton needs to knock him off his pedistal.
Well yeah but I think Tom Brady's pretty good.
What a tremendous comeback though in the SUPERBOWL.
If it's not the playoffs it seems you guys always meet in the late regular season.
They were coached by Don Shula.
1 to 1 is not a great ratio.
No?
Yes, it was Johnny Unitas' first Super Bowl.
I think the Seahawks are going to make a come-back!
Dang. He was pretty solid for the Colts too.
Yeah, what a mess that was.
Yeah, but Brady is married to Giselle Bunchen and she's a model.
So how does that make the NFL different from a viewer standpoint?
How was the first quarter?
Wow, that would really be impressive to play to 45.
Schools I attended or taught at. If a student is projected to go high in the draft, or at all from a small school, I pay attention.
Are you kidding? That's not even a question, Seattle Seahawks. Have you seen how well Russel Wilson has been playing lately?
I worked at a TV station so was on the field the whole time/
I don't see anyone in the division overtaking them.
Yeah, that was a big disspointment.
I hope so, he's the future of the franchise. I would hate for all that money to be wasted.
I think that he has as a decent chance to do so. If he can make Goff just average, the Rams will be a huge threat given their talent.
I agree.
Los Angeles has two teams as well.
No I think he left the team and now plays for another team.
Not with any kind of attitude, besides, just about all the QBs would be able to make that probably from 100 yards away.
We can yell at our televisions together.
I have to disagree about the MVP but he was insane for a rookie running back.
I thought Kelly was a home run hire when I first heard the news.
Okay I watched the Super Bowl
The football team were like movie stars in my town.
He's a very good QB and they do have a good chance to go to the Super Bowl again this year too.
I just want to see a Championship here in Houston.
Okay, but I still don't see them doing very well.
He was pretty good for awhile.
They sure did.
Almost, he caught three more in 2015 than in 2014, but then 16 fewer in 2016.  He only caught more than 50 passes once.
Well, old or not he is gonna be an excellent addition to the raiders.
I didn't know that.
Are you serious about that?
They did it for plenty of years.
No,not really. I was hoping for that.
Not hating, just stating a fact.
What year was that?
I think they were probably just looking at the fact that he has a knack for getting to opposing quarterbacks.
Oh yes they have been to the Superbowl many times and have won a few.
Yeah, he's pretty small.
Yea, they're my team
Some of my buddies are totally taken by it all. I want to become obsessed.
Yes that is right!
Yea, he seems to be focusing too much on blocking.
I think it is Brian Hoyer. It's amazing how Colin Kaepernick isn't even playing on any team this year when he used to be quite the player.
Why do you say that?
The Patriots
Yeah, that was the infamous Scott Norwood kick.
Please give me some examples.
Super Bowl MVPs are an arbitrary metric. What matters more is Pro Bowl selections and Flacco has none.
He grew up in Toledo and was really good in high school.
Yea, the eagles beat minnosota in it bad, 7-42 score.
I'm so glad we can still play flag football as adults.
Absolutely, I hope they are playing the Detroit Lions this year I would love to see that game.
Really?     Give me an example.
I seem to recall hearing that someone was signed but for the life of me I can;t remember who.
What?  They're so hot!
No doubt. I think he has it all to be able to lead the team to a ring, but like I said they need more pieces.
It will definitely be interesting to see. I still think Tom Brady has them beat, though.
Exactly I just can't stand them.
It makes sense, if you are doing well on a team, you want to keep that up.
I think people should just choose to play what they want.
Sounds great.
I quit going to games cause we suck.
It's Sean Payton, and has been for awhile.
Yea I heard that
Right, the eastern side. Born a Philly fan.
Yes, and before you mock let me remind you that a lot of the football players you idolize COMPETE on the show, so if you mock me you doubly mock them.
The Patriots because there really isn't a better team right now.
I agree. They do have a ton of holes.
That game was insane.  I think they were down 25 points.
Me too.
Didn't he play in 3 superbowls?
I really like watching Russel play. He's a good decision maker.
For all we know it could be two different teams.
Haha, true.
What team
Yea, him and Torrey Smith were nice additions.
No surely it hasn't been that long!
Is he even practicing yet at camp?
Yes,Fabian Moreau.
Oh I don't know much about the Redskins.
Yes. I have all the fixings!
They are the New England Patriots.
Really? That's cool!
It'll be good to see him finally having the support he needs.
Yeah, even Brees didn't get that short of a stick.
Me, too! I'm going to be rooting for them to do well. He's good friends with John Elway and he's been giving him tips
They added a nice receiver in the Draft, Malachi Dupre, from LSU
I literally was thinking the same thing when the news broke!
Norv Turner ruined this francise.
Well I am worried about the Patriots, Seahawks and Raiders this season.
Did you watch them at all last season?
That would be insane!  I wouldn't mind having him in fantasy next season, to be honest.
I'd have to agree with that.
He writes movie reviews on his twitter but he was in the new Disney movie Moana, was cast as man one.
Why ouch
I heard that but he is an expensive guy, we will see what happens to the team.
She did until her health started failing.
The guaranteed money is really good. he should just take it and play his best.
Yea, they can really score. They showed some signs last year.
Not really, I used to like football and watch it every week and I just stuck with my team.
How about he's a journeyman at best.
They are both great players but Russell Wilson has a slight edge over Cam.
Yea I saved up for them!
That's a fair point. But it's only speculation, and one reason at that!
All guys deal with that
Patriots
You sure are optimistic.
Right. Besides, my uncle is a Cowboys fan.
No. Not only do they have to play on Christmas but they also have to travel. They are playing Houston.
That's a good possibility.
Because they have to play the rest of the NFC West 6 times and those are basically a guaranteed loss - save the rams maybe.
LA couldnt support one team that long ago.  Not sure why they would have 2 all of a sudden.
Who scored first?
I really don't either. Their draft strategy was inconsistent to say the least.
I agree they are - mainly because they are also good and play well every year and the game outcome is always up for grabs.
Yeah you dont see most of them hit free agency
Instead of a perrenial choke artist?
I really want to go to one
I've been to about 10 NFL games in my whole life, including Browns staudium, soldier field and NRG Stadium
I don't think any games should be played in a dome.
Yea, he seems to be doing a pretty good job with them so far.
Well at least that's one thing Dallas does well. I have to give em that.
I really do want to see Brees in the playoffs, he is a top 3 quarterback and really deserves more post season success.
Yeah, but only to an extent.
Exactly.  Also with Cam Newton being so mobile they might run the option at times.
After all of the crazy things that have happened in 2016 and 2017, that would be the biggest shock of all time.
The 24th. They have to face The Jags and the Bengals first.
They did pretty well last season. They went 11-5.
The halftime show was tame compared to last year.
I like their biceps.  They are the biggest I've seen.
Oh yeah, that was really bad. Should've run the ball.
Yeah, they just will do anything for money.
Al Davis had a personal vendetta against Allen.
Nah, I think they all made improvements.
Probably Atlanta.
They are my home team
I don't know, but it seems like they still get concussion despite having helmets.
Emmitt Smith had 18,355 yards rushing.
I believe that was regular Tecmo Bowl. He was like a hundred times better than any other player.
I hope this year is too then. And I'm worried about Carolina.
True! I'm thinking the Saints are going to rise back up this year.
Yea, I agree, but there are a few teams still better in my eyes.
Sure was and the dude is named Steve Gleason, bascially considered a hero in New Orleans.
Yes, they made the wildcard game.
Wow, does that affect his playing?
I know,usually if you do it once in your career it's good.
Yeah Bob was our free safety.
I think they're completely fair yet unfair.
That I can do.  What time is kick off.
I agree. I predict this will be a break out season for him.
That's true, I see parents pulling their kids out of little league and high school football.
Yeah if he plays much better he may start.
Similiar. Plus he had other things going on.
Well
There has been evidence for years the football causes concussions.
They are going to have to give an extra 2 games a year
I think every year Brady stays healthy - they will have a shot until he decides to retire.
While I remain concerned regarding the Ezekiel Elliott situation, I doubt that he will be suspended for more than 4 games, if that. Also, their offensive line is so strong that it won't matter much who runs the ball.
Fair enough!
NCAA or NFL
I saw that. He doesn't get comparable pay to other receivers of his caliber.
Oh, my wife is a huge fan. She knows the game like any man.
I don't know why athletes do drugs when they know how strict the testing is.
Yeah, they've been, but never won.
Yea, there is something to be said for winning.
Greatly, but so is Rodgers, you would need a mentor who is already a champion, not just a player who have been in the league for quite a while.
One of the online communities I belong to sets up a league each year.
Yes, he really was. Did he take them to the super bowl?
Because the traffic is murder.
You never know,  look at dak Prescott last year.
I think they have most of the core players coming back for this season so I don't see their winning ways changing.
The next game, played in 1968.
You have to draw the line somewhere. The Rams used to be somewhere else before L.A. and St. Louis - why not move that team back there?
Without hesitation. He's one of the best physical wide receivers in the league and helps open up the running game for Dallas.
A lot of hostility in that tone Eagles fan.
I guess that's true, but Tom is more reliable
i plan on wqatching at least six hours
Andy Dalton just never gets any better. He looks great and then folds.
Vikings
That's a big addition.
They definitely don't. Everyone always think the Playoff one was the best, but I'm more of a diddly poo fan.
I see
he was a big value to the team also.
Why, the Titans are good.
They planned to let Thurman Thomas run all over them.
Was it amazing?
Is he enough for the Texans to see success?
I actually feel pretty bad for Raiders fans, they have a very loyal fan base.
Yep, so glad the owners approved their move.
Yea, losing four Super Bowls in a row is tough.
That's another secret to his longevity.
Do you remember what year that took place.
What about the 49er's?
True haha. He is a turnover machine
Yes they will always be up there, especially Aaron, the Packers are going to be very good this season.
Me too, if you play for a big city like Chicago, you should go out and play well.
How about the new kid Ezekial Elliot?
no way. he is a rock star. so long as he stays healthy he will have a great year
I know it. How?
Me too he is literally amazing.
Well they had other options, but none were as good as Davis.
Atlanta will host the Superbowl in 2019.
They play their games in Nissan Stadium. It used to be called LP Field.
Yeah, it's hard to tell what the problem is anymore. Everyone blames the coaching, but I don't know.
Garoppolo will proof you wrong.He has a QB rating of 113.3.
If they got new players then yes.
I think there already is great ahtleticism in football. We don't need to add steroids to the mix.
but what?
Then all of the sudden they make an unexpected run and take it all.
He did a great job last season.
How's the season looking
Watching the nfl is definitely more fun with others
Probably the Patriots, like always, and their cheating ways.
Yeah, they benefited from an easy schedule last season.
Same with beer. Way too overpriced.
Why are you rooting against them?
The Kansas City Chiefs.
I disagree with you, they lost Kyle Shanahan. It's going to hurt their offense more than you think.
Me too; I'd like to see someone else winning in the AFC for once
The way the Browns played they were lucky to win one game last season.
They were put out at first but when they found out i never watched football and knew nothing of the game they really got mad.
Randy Moss
He went to Wisconsin right?
I think we need another wide receiver
I think there first game is against the bills.
Wow. That's crazy.
Ryan had a fantastic year last year, but I think a lot of that had to do with Julio Jones.
It's amazing Bradshaw won four, I think it had more to do with the Pittsburgh Steelers defense.
I thought he looked like the real last year.
A total mismatch at tight end.
I think he holds on and breaks the rushing record in five years.
You're right. I like him though.
They got Derek Barnett and Chris Long.
That's the secret.
Who scored first?
Were both on the east coast
What other teams would you want to see in the Superbowl.
I certainly hope so, because they were so close last year.
Tennessee also may be up and coming. They are playing in the AFC South.
If by 'mean' you actually meant 'truthful' yes, I am.
Yeah, it was the Oakland Raiders
He also got hit with the biggest fine in NFL history.
Yep, against the New England Patriots.
Yeah, I wanted to throw mine out the window.
I think that's right. They lost the wildcard game that year, but they were really good during the regular season.
Not a good idea to dehydrate your multi-millionaires ha, ha.
Yea, if not the Patriots, maybe the falcons can win this year.
They ended their season 15- 1.
I thought he showed a lot of class, but I wonder if that's how he really feels
Yes he's fast as a running back but I don't know if it will help the Carolina Panthers that much since he is so small.
It just shows how valuable he is. Without him, the Raiders got blown out in the playoffs.
I saw that.  Steelers have no chance if he isn't their QB.
Do you ever the think the Bills will ever get back to being that good?
I remember that game, Tyreek Hill looked good for Kansas City.
Did you hear about the recent news with Dak Prescott?
Me too. Followed him since he was with th Panthers.
So who are you watching, other than the Pats?
Yeah but it will be a let down for sure.
I believe in them,
Think they will recover from that disatourus 2nd half of the suoerbowl?
It's the super bowl
It doesn't matter. Manning's 4-0 is still not worth bragging about.
Good point, but I mean they go through a lot of pain.
Me too, should be good.
They're way too injury prone. Last season, Earl Thomas broke his tibia before the playoffs and they apparently didn't even report Richard Sherman's sprained MCL.
I have season tickets.
Been keeping up with their cheerleaders mostly, but did hear a couple players had some issues this past week.
Fans can ruin teams for me
Tough to say
Yeah they do. Man Elliott is a beast.
Yes but these gentlemen are role models for the younger generations. They should find a different way to protest.
They did get a new one for this year.
No, no, not like that!  It was a one-on-one game between I and my brother, played in the hallway next to the living room of our house, on our knees, on shag rug, with a nerf ball.
Seems like a silly reason to hate the team.
How so?
We'll know in 90 or so days.
I thought they were the Oilers
But the best part is the city.
It was, i always wanted to play for the Cowboys
I think they have to be.
He must be wanting to do that.
You can't argue that the defense isn't good though.
Redskins havent done much in a few years
Dan Marino was another great quarterback.
I will have to check his footage out. Who was the number one pick?
Do you remember his Coke commercial?
I have a good feeling about the Falcons this year, I think they might get back to the Superbowl for the second straight year.
I presumed it was done in sections.
He's still pretty awesome.
Just surprised
Those are great stadiums for other reasons. So much history in those stadiums.
I hope he does.  Before his suspension he contributed several touchdowns and stretched the field.
Dang.  I wonder why they move so much.
could change the game in an instant
That wasn't the best part for me.
Wow, how do I find out more about this?
I think it was Payton Manning
Oh and that was for the Brady's suspension.
I am too. I think everyone is, except maybe Patriots fans.
What do you think about the defense?
Fox is the home of the NFL
i know right
Yea some of those players get paid so much!
But instead they trade up one spot to take a quarterback!
I like the Patriots a lot too though.
Do they get a lot of injuries.
That's something I can agree with you on. If a celebration stalls the game too much, then it should be penalized.
Do you think they can win the North division?
I hope so.
Speaking of a former Viking, how well do you think Minnesota will be.
So what even makes someone the best to play the quarterback position?
I think you could include Andrew Luck in that list.
The key here is that he is working on them.  Reports out of camp are that he is working hard and is now a better receiver.
They got EJ for 6 years.
Then he retired from the Jets.
Probably not. I can't think of any other running backs.
I also hear Monte Kiffin is comin out of retirement to save the Jags.
He seemed like he'd be good, but I think he has confidence issues in the pocket.
What???  I find that crazy.
Probably with riots on the streets and inside the stadium.
He will need good protection from his linemen when he gets older.
No, I had just seen urban Cowboy and was interested in Dallas so asked my Aunt to take me there.
They are a pretty good team
I hoped you rubbed it in that the Saints didnt even make it to the play offs
They did? To whom.
Peyton is great but he isn't clutch.
Oh wait, does his brother play in the NFL?
Every down he just never learned how to use his players.
He was good. I have to admit it
When players are enjoying themselves, it makes them a lot more fun to watch
True, but much of Dak Prescott's success was due to the fact that teams didn't know how to prepare for him last season. I doubt that he'll be as good this season.
Who were the coaches?
That's good. Marcus Williams is the teammate whose eye socket he crushed with the punch.
Sure their is
Well Bellecheck sent his scouts to watch other teams.
Yeah, only because they cheat!
Cam Heyward for one, he's recovered from that chest tear and will be back to take over leadership on defense.
They did try it a bunch of more times though.
Im guessing the Packers will but if the Vikings can get better and be more consistent I could see them making a run for it
Another great one!
I love the food
How you think they will do this year?
I wonder who the other coaches were.
So he had a bad game. He still has the best combination of smarts, throwing ability, and situational awareness of any quarterback in the NFL today.
Yeah and I think he will break it.
ohh yea he is making a comeback .
Well, maybe they could train him to be.
My hope is that they can take it a step further this upcoming year and get in the playoffs.
Me apparently. I just think he is an amazing football player but he is a crappy person.
How so?
1999 Rams were 300/1 underdogs.
Ive always been a fan
He's just way too average, I agree.
The Bengals seem to be right on the cusp, but haven't broken through yet.
You don't think the football players should get some of that money if they're putting their bodies on the line for a more entertaining product?
Yeah and if he really gets mad maybe he'll trade you to Cleavland
I agree that it might be another building year, but they have some pieces to work with.
I love the 49ers
Yeah, Always compete!
Still, that sounds like a lot of money for a guy who's not a household name.
Yea but on the flip side, Brady is the G.O.A.T.
That would've been really neat to see them practice
I remember last year they went 17-2 without him which is just insane on it's own.
I just hope the Patriot don't repeat
Three?  I'll give you five.  Rogers, Brady, Prescott, Ryan, Wilson...
Who knows. What I do know is that it takes away a home game for one team a year and puts them at a disadvantage.
They have a pretty good offensive line.
What was the score at halftime?
How do they get such a tough schedule after going 3-13?
Yes, and now the Browns are paying big bucks for a random quarterback.
He never seems to get old.
Nope they won one game to not have the worst season ever.
Well it's a good thing you dint miss the fourth quarter!
Yeah but having seven rings he could be better then Michael Jordan.
Yes.  It's hanging in my bedroom.
Yeah, but he had Ezekiel Elliott. Carson had nobody.
A good wide receiver.
I think that is how Tom Brady will go out.
Yes they do, as do the Packers.
I know, I just feel like at some point he will break through and make a nice run.
Really why.
I do. I think he's been inspirational to the team.
Allegedly...
Dan Marino
Maybe the franchises see a new popularity for footbball in the city. That's why they relocating there.
No, they will be fine. Football fans don't just change allegiances.
I am a loyal fan of Pittsburgh, as you can see. What team do you want to see win this year?
Hopefully he will help Savage get that ball downfield.
Indeed! Did you see how much they paid Carr?!?!
I think Jim is the only person who could bring out his full potential.
Right and imagine having to take a bye on week 2
Who's starting while Mannings out?
I probably would
Me too.  I was really rooting for them.
Definitely
Eli should be Eli again 30 td and 20 INT. But that's good enough for second and a playoff spot.
Yeah, but that doesn't make him a bad pick.
Also, their offensive line is inconsistent.
I think Ryan will have a harder time this year. He's getting used to a new offensive coordinator, and the line is a little shakier than last year.
The Greatest Show on Turf.
How many did he have?
I'm thinking the Jags.
Yeah, oldest in all sports I think.
You are not dissing the cheeseheads.
yeah she'll have to go through the same issues like the female reporters I guess.
But, Eli was more clutch
I can't wait for the season to start.
Well, if you're going to consider the 80's, how about the '85 Bears.
I kept hearing rumors that they were looking to trade him.
Yes
Yes, they use to call him "Automatica"
They are great in the quarterback position, too.
There is too much to do in L.A.  I don't think the people are all in on football.
It's a shame that players would get involved in that.
Yeah, I was a bit surprised by their pick of Mike Williams.
who does he play for.
Yeah exactly what I think.
Really? I mean, I know they have potential to be good, but I don't think they will be the best.
Yeah, but if Cowboys really rely on the run then who knows.
I know, but you have to have faith
It makes the game even longer, and it doesn't work?
I believe it was the early 1990's. I think the Saints were so bad that they even screwed up that celebration.
I think that they have a pretty good chance.
I also hate the LGBT pushing
How so?
That is true. The were in Los Angeles at one point.
It might be more fun, but I don't see any reason you'd need to.
Between offense and defense
What do you think of Lynch coming back and playing for the raiders?
Do you think he should have turned over his cell phone?
Nice.
No way Ben might be a big guy but he has a cannon and he quick on his feet for such a big guy. Plus he can take a hit
They are pretty good
The NFL says that if a certain percentage of tickets aren't sold in the stadium, that local and regional airings of the game are blacked out.
Plus, you can get close enough to ask for a selfie or autograph.
Your jealousy and your teams inadequacy is so obvoius.
He is dedicated, brave, and bold!
Oh awesome.
I think that's part of their allure.
I don't see them making the playoffs though
No,  he will be a beast down there with all those wild fans.
They were competing aginst each other for college players, and the salaries went skyrocketing. They raided other conferences for players too.
How about the Giants picking a tight end.
Well to be honest I think the Steelers aren't going to win more than 9 next season, I just don't see it.
Dandy?
Oh, it's a blast!
I think they lost Victor Cruz, right?
Yeah, we went once too and even went to the science museum there as well.
It is the same with any sport, I still follow the Bulls because of Jordan.
Only the superbowl could make commercials exciting
And then there are the New Orleans Saints
Don't count out Detroit though.
And IR gate where they illegally used the injured reserve list to keep on players who weren't hurt.
Yeah, I also think they have a good shot at the Super Bowl this year.
He did have some impressive plays. None of them got Flacco to the finals.
he went to NC State.
That is something he should be proud of.
Who do you think will win this year?
Its a classic backup QB case, happens all the time in the NFL
Who scored first?
Not while bill belichek is head coach either.
That's really high for a guard.
Too bad the Browns can't get any of their players!
They are a pretty famous team.
Yeah I think thats the truth for the most part.
They have to have brains to learn passes as well.
The Pontiac Silverdome? Is that even still around?
Who knows. There is a lot more behind the scenes than we know.
Yeah, but it is still less hits to his body.
Yes that's right. Those are actually two of my favorite teams.
Well he is known for his comeback victories.  In fact, he hold the record with 8 comeback wins in one season.
Well, Clowney and Whitney Mercilus did a good job together.
Why such a short time?
Atlanta sure did blow it.
Wow, you're kidding me?
I would say Terry Bradshaw is one of my all time favorites.
Marcue Marriota is really good for the Titans.
He was on of the fastest dudes in the league, I loved his feints and fakes too.
Really?  Any player in particular?
Yeah. Wasn't expecting them to win.
Elliott is a beast too.
The Patriots will be, they are always solid.
Ive always been a Seahawks fan I suppose.
Yes, they were.
Haha you can't forget about the kicker and the punter.
My sleeper team is the Packers this year.
Im not sure whats going on with the Chargers
I grew up there, but live up near Boston now - so I am a Patriots fan too.
If it hadn't been for the 49ers, we might have two Super Bowls to celebrate.
That's because he doesn't take any risks even if he needs to.
He's 39, but the superbowl will be next year, so he will be 40, but if it doesn't happen this season, we're talking about brady being 41 and older
Why do you say that?
I bet the tickets were a lot cheaper then.
But how many Super Bowls can you win?
Wouldn't surprise me.  Dude gets injured every game I think.
I don't recall the exact years. Sometime way back in the 40s and 60s.
No, I think he is done now that he is in the CBS booth.
I can see the Oakland Raiders beating the Patriots if Derek Carr stays healthy.
That is correct, he didn't have one and Jones was on the sidelines all the time.
The officials measured the ball pressures at halftime.
Eh, they added Maclin this year, but I think they have more holes than that.
Well I think the coaching staff has been vastly improved over what it used to be.
Brady is going to be legit.
He dinked and dunked the whole year.  Didn't throw a pass more than ten yards.
The home for the saints.
Yea, Benjamin and Funchess two twin towers on the outside, with McCaffrey, and Samuel slicing over the field with speed.
I have to consult with my spouse.
Yep, the browns got screwed on that one!!
LAST TIME WE WERE IN INDIANAPOLIS, WE COULD SEE THE STADIUM RIGHT OUT OUR HOTEL WINDOW.
Do you remember who drafted him?
Don't remind me of the Aaron Rodgers hail mary from last season.
Then so be it, we finally have a legitimate football team!
I used to be a redskins fan until the Panthers came to Charlotte.
They are only team that can beat the Patriots
He does for sure. If the Panthers could ever get past the crappy ref calls.
I want to see all the new players the COlts have.
Yeah, but Oakland scored twice in the last nine seconds, giving them a 43 to 32 lead.
The Browns? Thats like the Titanic of the NFL, there's no escape.
Is almost 40 touchdowns and over 5,000 yards pretty good to you?
I haven't felt like finishing them.
No doubt. He is really under-sized too, but he plays with a lot of heart.
The Steelers are always popular.
I think we have a chance to have a pretty good team. We made some moves in the off-season and got better.
Unfortunately, the Falcons lost their offensive coordinator after the season.
Yes, I was lucky enough to see Superbowl XXXI in New Orleans.
That's very possible.
No eventually you lose it, like Manning did.
Yea but they're just jealous
So, the Packers are going to go 16-0 and still play in the Wild Card game?  How's that work?
He is a few years younger then Brady but has never won a superbowl.
I like him and I like seeing him on sports shows also.
That is obviously how it turned out.Even greater than the league could have hoped.
He had a injured knee.
But still some time on the clock.
When's the last time he played in the NFL?
Agreed, J.J is a wrecking machine!
Oh yeah I am
To be honest, it might be Dak prescott if I had to pick one guy.
Well, if it's not all about Superbowls, you have to count John Elway. He had 51,000 total passing yards.
Yeah, having cable helps a lot in watching my favorites.
Because they're interested in showcasing.
Why were you a Colts fan?  Didn't you live in Bills country?
Yes, those are some of the guys in revolving quarterbacks.
Probably Falcons. Devonta Freeman, Tevion coleman,. Both beasts
Yeah in 1995 vs the Steelers.
He was very athletic back then and that injury seemed to take something out of him in the years that followed.
I can't believe his back!
No way. Teams have had an off season to watch tape on Dak Prescott now.
Yea, there's just too many. You left out James White!
yeah the rookies turned that mess around in Dallas. I'm glad Tony Romo is gone.
Do you have a favorite player?
This is scary.
I guess it just wasn't the cowboys year. I really wish someone would win besides New England Patriots.
They are the best part of the superbowl
I think most people would say the New England Patriots will repeat with all their talent and their addition of Brandin Cooks, and I agree with those people.
It was 28-3 just a few minutes later.
I enjoy almost any type of pizza, but do you mean my favorite?
It's a rare thing, but not more impressive, it's mostly luck.
I mean he got a year and then came back and was trash
What was that?
Yeah. They still have a good team
When do you think they would fire him?
And didn't get to as many
He always does.
Well, I'm not sure they know.
Cool.
Maybe he just didn't care for the test much.
Yes, but Prescott got the same or more.
I love how the NFL has such high parity.
Yes, we've been spoiled.  Tom Brady has been probably the best quarterback ever.
That is true. Who is your favorite team?
You just like whoever is winning.
I am not sure
Hopefully good...he needs to elevate the players around him.
For sure. Their secondary is still young and getting better all the time.
They could make a paper bag look decent.
All tough games for sure.
Oh?  You are not smart if you get As in fake classes.
I think so. I'm not actually sure though.
They have a couple rookies and a veteran, just like last year.
I see, so they will play there in 3 years. That gives us time to plan our vacation.
yeah sure I love it
He is definitely amazing, in a  couple years he will be perfect.
The Patriots are terrible!
It really is
The very first game that was played there was a pre-season game against the Packers.
Yeah, don't see that too often. Think it was... 27 to 27 if I remember correctly.
Don't even remind me, I was so bummed.
Hey man, that's an important job.
Well that doesnt really affect the game all that much
Anyone else?
But defense wins championships.
Well, it was the second quarter. Bout a minute or two before half-time.
Its awesome to share it with family
He's big and strong.
But if you took the years he did play and compare them there's nobody really better
Yeah, and he really showed up Talib when he played for the Panthers
I'd have to say now Antonio Brown.
Speaking of Wide Recievers, Josh Huff i hoping to make the cut as well.
How dumb is it that they are going to Vegas?
Based on their team and how many odds are stacked against them, yep!
Even late in the third quarter, you kind of thought they might have a shot.
I am very interested in seeing the new teams and the relocation teams though.
I think the Super Bowl win was more of a matter of the Falcons making stupid decisions.
Calvin Johnson, one of the best wide receivers ever.
he had about 23 touchdowns and only 4 interceptions. he does a really good job of protecting the football, and found ways to help the cowboys win games
They must have been born with a football.
agreed, they didn't really have playoff experience last year but should go further this year
Yeah. There have been other QBs who went to the superbowl playing for more than one team, however.
A good offense should be balanced, and nearly 600 passes is just too much.
He only ran a handful of plays.
Ah, I think Dak Prescott is due for a regression.
Eight and eight, but if one of the teams get hot, they could end up ten and six.
Well, that's too bad.
New England.
Agreed.
That is absolute tomfoolery man, how can he be the best when he gave up a lead like that?
You think Drew does?
He was talking about his football career and how he had issues staying healthy.
Exactly
Yea, neither can opposing offenses.
No and your husbands favorite team the Saints have only won one Superbowl.
Yeah, he was one of the best I have ever seen.
Our defense sucks so bad, I'm really losing hope that we will win another SuperBowl.
Thats funny I love the redskins too, watch as many games as I can.
I wish Walter Payton was still playing.
That's what I heard. Wasn't footbball ratings down last season?
Ever since Harbaugh left, they have been in shambles.
Yea, most people here are huge Bills fans!
They've got more than that man, I'm not a chiefs fan, but I'm not going to deny talent.
Their careers couldn't have been more polar opposite.
Yeah, but they choked.
Yeah I love to see underdogs do the unexpected.
Why don't you like it?
I am not sure if I enjoy his talent more, or his antics the most.
You'll see what a pro athlete looks like when they are NOT using steroids.
Definitely! He was a bit of a wildcard, but he has been very good.
yeah he is really good in those Papa John commercials
I'm not as sure about that as I once was. I think Big Ben isn't what he used to be, and is really starting to show his age.
Do you think they will make the playoffs?
Who else made moves this off-season?
That could have been a distaster.
Yeah, it was such a remarkable comeback that for most people they think "there he is, the greatest of all-time".
So much talent wasted on not winning the Super Bowl. Cunningham, Randy Moss, Cris Carter, Robert Smith. That offense was ridiculous.
Then how do they figure it out?
He knew how to market himself.
You're telling me!  I moved from the shadow of Rich Stadium, in Orchard Park, NY, where a Buffalo Bills sweatshirt is considered a thing of beauty, to east Texas, where a Bills sweatshirt was considered a practice target for gun holders.
Again, that's not his fault. Look at those ridiculous stats and tell me that he shouldn't have been MVP that season.
He might be older; however, he's running behind the best line in the league.  He'll have a good year.
It would give him and Belichick six Super Bowls apiece, best duo of all-time.
Yea I gotta support my team!
I agree Zay Jones was a steal in the draft.
Being a Lions fan has been painful over the years, so I am keeping my hopes in check.
He is my second favorite, how about that?
Only the Chicago Bears and the Arizona Cardinals remain.
Yeah the defense has been pretty bad the last few years.
Football is about the bulk of the frontline and the precision of the backline
20 is average, so 16 is... below... average.
Example?
I know I once saw someone with Arizona license plates parked at the stadium game night
I think the Atlanta Falcons may go all the way.
All he has to do is use their hate as motivation.
Almost is not good enough.
Sure - there is always room for improvement, but I think that Toussaint will lead in that department.
They are exciting to watch
That would easily be Ray Lewis!
Yeah, their players are either on or off. No consistency there at all.
Ouch, slightly better.
Yes, did you hear the story of Jim McMahon the former bears quarterback?
Well, he's still going to have that line.
So...who is the primary watcher of the NFL?
I doubt that.
Have they?
I don't recall that one, what was it again?
It was very memorable
Wow, what happened when they got busted?
Like who?
Really? just 23?
Uh, I can't handle the Falcons.
That is true. I wonder what kind of regime he is on?
Thats true- both are good- but I worry Torrey Smith is too old as well.
Yea, I am, but you never know with that guy.
What teams winning now
Same goes for Green Bay. It's all on the QB
How long have you liked them?
I like the Jaguars.  Their colors are cool.
Who will you be going for in that game?
They have a serious chance but I hope not. I can't stand them.
That's hard to do.
Aren't they at 4pm?
Yep, Ryan, Freeman...
Yeah, depends on how well they play as a team and if they stay healthy.
The halftime show was a riot.
Their offense will probably only get better with more chemistry.
Is that even a question? Aaron Rodgers is the man.
Chicago should still suck.
Oh well, if we are going there, Terry Bradshaw.
I can't understand that.
Cause getting to 130 is hard enough.
I met Terry as a kid actually, tremendously nice guy!
Definetly, I'll look into airfarer. I hear it's a pretty good tailgate.
It is quite possible. He was very determined to get that last ring.
Yeah I hear ya, but I don't think they repeat. I think Seattle or Green Bay win it all this year.
Instant replay; now instead of sitting there watching nothing, you get to see the play again.
They don't use him very well.
I don't think it's just a quaterback issue.
Decker went to the Titains.
Yeah it's gonna be interesting two super bowl champs playing each other
I didn't know that.
I like all other fans of the Redskins - love him. But I think he is in a no-win job.
Hue Jackson really needs to lay in to those guys.
Well, they are my favorite team.
That's a long dry spell, but I'm afraid it doesn't end this year because the Cowboys will be there
I agree
Which team do you think has the best chances for the Super Bowl this year?
Yea, well at least they do not have Chip anymore. That guy just didn't have it at this level.
Haha, I'll be the only Dolphins fan there.
Hard to knock you on that.
I have to stick with Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
Is Savage still on the team?
Sure, but the media was all about the Tennessee Titans.  It was hard for Jerry Jones to compete.
What about you, who are you rooting for?
They figure they are the only teams that can win twelve games.
I bet they don't win 5 games this year.
Must be all of that avocado ice cream.
That may be true. It is their job to run after all.
But that Baltimore defense is intense. Although they have to get by the Steelers twice
I know right ! How can you cut every single high priced player just to lose every game to get the #1 pick.
That is surely debate bale bro!
Me too.
Ugh, that was painful to watch
I was so disappointed when Marshawn Lynch retired.  And now I'm hearing talk that he's thinking of coming back and playing for the Raiders!
Absolutely.
Oh sure it does.
The thing about Kansas City though is that there success largely stems from their dominant defense. This is also the case with Denver.
Kirk Cousins. He's okay, but not Tom Brady.
Yes they have changed the game quite a bit over the years due to safety concerns.
Well, Jonathan Stewart is arguably a top 5 RB this year.
Agree, but the Chiefs are still in their division. They are going to be tough.
He could sure play defense!
So where do we put Detroit and Minnesota?
My favprite team is the redskins
Fitzpartick is pretty good. I mean he's not the worst.
Dude I'm from Florida
I would have to go with Todd Gurley. He is an outstanding running back.
I assume they will have an enclosed dome like the Arizona Cardinals do.
Is he adjusted?
Why should a game that counts towards the season be played in another country with a different time zone?
Yea? You think they could get back to the superbowl?
I heard that the Patriots are statistically worse when Rob Gronkowski isn't playing
he didn't just keep them in that game, he motivated them to not quit, and gave them a playbook for the turnaround
Johnny Football!
Did they recall all the cards?
I love football, as a sport in general. I used to play and my dream was to one day become a NFL player.
Alright, as far as winning he would be the best.  But he always had great teams because of Belichek.
I know, it was really fun to watch at home him play
They changed the name in 1922.
They did. I believe that was when the coaching staff made the switch at quarterback to Trent Dilfer.
Look all the great players San Fransisco had are gone. Rice, Montana retired.
That could be, but I've learned not to hold my breath after Roethlisberger.
With a few years in the college scene he could be the next Kyle Williams.
No, I am not naming them in any particular order.
I know. I think we just need some more consistency.
And, what did he say?
While I don't personally like injuries, it is a rough game and injuries happen. Sometimes it adds more excitement to the game.
Maybe not. But in any case, it's just too violent of a sport.
Yea I'm a diehard fan!
Yeah I think he will, theres no pressure for him.
He's the best receiver in football.
It certainly doesn't. Still can't believe the Falcons blew that game.
Some people could argue with that statement, I however couldn't.
I am not going to. I am from Cleveland
i do
Oh, they once had a spectacular defense and they appeared to be collecting themselves last season.
This was the play where Terry Bradshaw, with only seconds left in the game and down by less than seven points, threw a bomb to John Fuqua.
John Gruden is my favorites so I lean towards Monday night football.
On the field or practice?
Stephen Gilmore.
I don't know if Las Vegas is a good place for any sports team to be honest.
I don't disagree with you there. But like I said, it does benefit the city one way or another.
That is funny man, when's there next game?
over the middle no less
True. There are other teams that look much stronger.
Because they won fair
No. I just don't think Tom Brady is the best.
And the doctors told him he had to retire for something he's always had?
But he wasn't that crazy while still playing!
Who is Beast Mode?
Is he any good?
What do you know about it?
Yeah, and that's something that has to be dealt with on the offensive line.
He's such a big target.
Nope
No. I've heard the actual Chargers games will be held in a soccer stadium.
Yes, the Dolphins have the tools this year to be great.
I disagree. Those uniforms were awesome. They were outrageous but they worked.
Didn't they get Marshall Lynch to come out of retirement?
I don't know, he seems to be a very injury prone wide reciever.
Why?
Yes, Brandon Weedon is still on the roster.
It was especially humiliating because I worked for many years on a fishing boat named after the Seahawks, so I'd constantly get razzed.
Heck yeah, Matthew Stafford is the man,  he broke Peyton Manning's record of most fourth quarter comebacks in a season.
But he's not very fast.
Yeah, he was awesome. One of the greatest.
This was... 1978, I think. And there has been a black QB in the NFL since 1968.
I hope not.  I hope he is the Cowboy's quarterback for a long time to come.  We are actually picked to face the Patriots in the Superbowl.
I actually am not a fan of either teams. I got free tickets and I lived in Indiana at the time.
Yea, hopefully our line can at least stay together and avoid serious injuries this year.
So even if you go that way, you kind of have to admit that Brady is definitely the best quarterback in the game right now.
That's for sure.
I feel that Von Miller really got us that Superbowl.
Between the #2 and #6 teams, it iust a lot more close, but I'd go with the Cowboys.
Yeah, so what?
I worry the defensive tackles won't want to tackle them out of fear of hurting them.
Although this is true, they are timeless.
Yeah, they drafted a bunch of players around that time that went on to become Hall of Famers.
Really? I had no clue!
What card do you think was worth the most?
I think every NFL team is worth at least a billion dollars.
So? What's that have to do with anything.
The way they run the ball is crazy.
how many times has that even happened?
They didn't make the playoffs.
I'm a fair weather fan. I only have an interest if they are in the play offs.
Probably, and since much of physical movements needed in NFL are biomechanically analyzable, we can even quantify the traits.
I just like the comeback and the underdog coming back.
I am not too familiar with the Chargers. Are the Browns usually better than that?
Not all the time, a lot of fans stick to one player, and if they are routing for a new team every few years, may take some of the fun out of it for them.
They will be playing with a chip on their shoulder thats for sure.
What's that?
Who scored first?
What about the Redskins?
That's easy.  I cheer for the one least likely to win.
Yes the Patriots played fast in the 2nd half and the Falcons got gassed.
Yea, they would tell you a whole story. They have enough experience.
I was really hoping that New England would have lost last years Superbowl.
Answer.sentence11
I suppose so but it's so expensive I don't think I'd ever really go.
Utah.  He's got a pretty record with speed he's got like 1,407 yards on 210 carries.
I always respect a player who wants to come back to his hometown and show some love to the hometown fans
I hope their defense is improved.
But don't necessarily win.  Did they rise to the top against the Falcons last year?
Have you been to any games recently?
He was pretty good
When a team kicks the ball through the big yellow uprights they get three points.
Yeah, but I think that Cam Newton will bounce back. Furthermore, I'm very excited to see how they use Christian McCaffrey.
Yeah I like those guys too. But my favorite player is probably Marshawn Lynch.
They are the best team in the league right now aren't they?
What else?
I like the Steelers too!
Do think the Browns will ever win the Superbowl.
The Ravens scored again in the third, making it 28-14.
They need to make the rb's happy.
No, he has an unusual way of training he said.
Are you family Denver fans, also?
Do you like their team?
I hope so.
Hear me out. He has size, arm strength, and an offensive-minded head coach in Hue Jackson.
Having Rogers on the team turns that team into a different team.
Why so much hatered toward the Patriots.
Me and you both. Hopefully Ron Rivera will figure things out though.
How was the Stadium.
Well, I really like the Seahawks.
You gonna paint your face?
It sets a bad example.
That's hard to tell, and I think you can really only give credit to clearly exemplary coaches like Bill Belichick
I'm just excited for the National Football League to be back in my life period.  Fantasy football, watching shows about football, listening to podcasts about football, I'm ready for it all.  Who are you taking to win the Super Bowl?
Yeah, it's been nothing new for them to dominate defensively.
Well, it's been a while. And they have only appeared in the Super Bowl once, but never won one superbowl
Earl Thomas will be back this year.
He's good, but who knows, Goff hasn't had a real chance to shine yet.
True, but what should we do until then?
I do, too and it's usually at someone's house who's having a Superbowl party.
He just tore his ACL.
I always forget to consider him. He is very impressive.
Try again?
I thought they were pretty good, but time will tell.
Yeah, especially since football is becoming more famous overseas. Tourists from other countries might become fans of the team.
I guess it doesn't. How often do you watch the NFL?
Is that an NFL team?
And lost 3 times.
Have you heard whether the Raiders will substantially change their uniform following the move?
Stop with the defense thing!
Morten Anderson's son is a presenter.
I see.  But they haven't been to the playoffs since like... the 90's!
Oh, like not standing for the national anthem?
Do you think Oakland will get another NFL team?
Sure thing
He has had some awesome touch downs in the past.
Yes, definitely a sad situation. Gary Anderson is a good guy and sometimes bad things happen to good guys.
I'm personally hoping that someone...anyone...wins the AFC East but the Patriots.
Wow, can you imagine?
Who else do you like?
Yep, too much for him.
Hah! Who do you have coming out of the AFC?
Oh man, don't even bring up the Seattle offensive line. They were just awful.
No, I think he just need a couple more years and he will be in top shape.
Well, wasn't that a business decision"
Really?  See I didn't think it was his fault
Don't say that!
Pace was uncovered he hit, Tannehill pretty hard.
I wonder how many cows are used to make footballs.
Yea, Miami needs a top flight quarterback if they really want to do good.
Do you think they were quilty?
How so
All right  All right I can see this is going nowhere . You think anyone can beatthe Patriots in the AFC ?
He is a good player.
What do you think of Terrell Owens?
Yeah I loved that touchdown the other day.
Maybe we should go shopping for jerseys soon.
Yeah, that was it.  I had to laugh at that one.
Emmitt Smith broke the record in 2002, I think he had like 17,162 career rushing yards when he broke it.
Yeah, that's right, he does still get to play in front of his hometown crowd.
I sure hope he does.
A lot more than he should get considering he has never gotten them very far.
Context is everything in the NFL, although overcoming adversity is a strong skill
Wow, that's impressive!
Wow, the team ownership must like him.
At least the Patriots put on a good show.
I hadn't heard about that.
What's your favorite NFL team?
Well, as you know there have been rule changes.
Really? That franchise hasn't been good since it started during the mid-1990s.
Yep, it matters what we do in the post season, not going undefeated and losing the game when it matters most.
Has it ever been done?
Oh lucky, I wish I could go to some.
What about his problems with accuracy on the deep ball.
Netanyahu went to school in the States, and that's where he picked up football.
Me either
Yeah, he always watches them on television, hopefully I can take him to a game.
So your saying that even if a losing team is playing they watch because they just like football?
Drew Brees has had like 6 5,000 yard seasons, you can't compare the two.
Ouch, thats pretty harsh.
Do you think theyll have him sit like they did with Rodgers and Favre?
What?
Yes, that one. It went back and forth and the Chiefs won in overtime.
I think Mariota and Tennesee will be the favorite in the south...
I avoid the half time shows during the superbowl
Yeah, if the Giants could have upgraded in the draft, I think they may be a Super Bowl contender.
What do you think of the Jags this season?
Yea they're trying to get Europe more into football
Was nice when people were allowed to hit people not like today.
They need to see Peyton Manning or Tom Brady theres a quarterback for them to admire.
Oh, that's right!
I would say so! Based on his age and stats he still has a few good years before retirement and has many super bowl rings already.
not really
I agree.
Not a fan of the team though. They're rivals.
Dude hes a cheater
Yes, 9-7.
How many games do you think they will win?
What do you mean?
Well, who wouldn't?
Robert Mathis also retired.
I think he'll bounce back.
You never know in life where it will take you.
It takes time to do that.
Who is their best tight end?
And I don't want to be the guy who brings up his small hands, but ... well ... looks like I'm that guy.
There are 3 teams who went to the superbowl 8 times.
I'm a massive Dallas Cowboys fan and have been my entire life.
Don't you try to make excuses for him!  He stunk in high school, he stunk in college, and he stinks in the NFL.
Best Quarterback ever.
Sure i love foot bal
Somewhere around that time.
... I'm not sure we can still be friends. Haha just kidding.
Tom Brady is worth a lot of money but he takes a lower salary for the team.
Then why would you dress up like a pig in skirt?
Yes they have and true Steelers fans protect those towels with their lives.
They are okay
Are there any other players you think will continue to flourish?
I remember so clearly the year that Brady and the Patriots beat my Seahaws in the Super Bowl.
They have face painting food trucks.
No way! The best quarterback of all time is Dan Marino.
When was the first Superbowl?
I'll agree.
Why did he stop playing for them?
Spectacular!
Thanks man, will do!
I think that it wouldn't matter. I think they could do something where they have more rest time between a few games.
That's so weird.
Some players got away with a lot, like Marshawn Lynch grabbing his crotch as he jumped into the end zone
They started 3-1. At least they were competitive.
Yea, the cheating Patriots never fails.
Yeah I guess a win is a win. So I won't complain.
Yeah I doubt they will win it all, but I think they will grab a wild card spot
That would be great if that happened.
What would Belichek, and Tomlin do differently for the Bengals?
Well by creating the NFL team of my dreams
Well, isnt it backward we are the only country that watches this?  300 pound men slamming into each other?
I think OBJ gets almost as many yards and will outscore Julio by 8 touchdowns.
I really don't know.  They won the superbowl and then lost it on one play the following season.
That is super rare for a franchise to have a coach that long.
I do to I hope they do better this year.
We all have to have one fault.
Yeah me too. Or maybe Matty Ice will seek revenge.
I can't disagree with that.
Well, I think you should be a fan of the team local to where you live.
Yes, I miss the old Eagles with Jaworski.
Josh McCown, how bout that?
Yes. And then you started to perspire terribly.
Yea, but nothing like Brady.
Why would they say that?
I wasn't a Favre fan. I'm not a Green Bay fan either.
What is second place for yards?
Tom Brady never gets hit since the Patriots offense is so strong.
I don't know. It just gives off that image to me.
Agreed- he was- but I think he is too old. What team would pick him up?
How so?
No one other than Cam has a shot?
You do? What about deflating the footballs and cheating by looking at plays?
I honestly thought it was over.
Yes, we knock each other out of the playoffs regularly.
That's a pretty amazing cast.
You are right though he could get better this season.
Well there is discussion about coaching changes and the impact they might have
What year was it?
I can't stand the Seahawks!
Not even to mention the fact that Tom Brady makes everyone play better.
What do you think of Mariota?
Oh, yeah, a power couple.
Not sure. I bet the commercials and major decisions are decided by the board
Low scoring.  3-0, Green Bay.
Do you think Russell Wilson will have a good year?
Which schools?
Yeah but, Ben Ben Roethlisberger has been throwing down such powerful throws lately. I think Steelers would win.
That is so cool! Did you get any autographs or photos?
What about the Lions?
It sure was. I really hated that they lost, but I think it is unfair how bad people talk about New England.
Are you a part of Raider Nation, do you put on th makeup and costumes for games?
Aside from Robert Quinn, what amazing players do they have?
Some great competitors playing.
What are their names?
He was a really good player for them right?
We can make it difficult by putting a net in front of the goal so that you have to throw it into a designated area with a hole in it to go through
How are you feeling about the Browns this season
Ok but this year if he puts up similar numbers there is no way he does not get it.
Me to! He was so great at Oregon that I just knew he was going to do the same for my Eagles.
What did you think of the game?
Yeah, they were treated like that.
I had a bg party and a lot of people got mad that they lost. Did you do anything?
Yeah. Even the Oilers could't bring one home.
Well, we shall see but I called it first.  Browns in the playoffs!
Yeah, that year he almost beat the record, that was great.
Yeah but I think that the Broncos can become every good in a few years.
So he is a big risk, they really don't know what they are getting.
Yea, we already know they have their QB and lead receiver.
Yes, he had a great season last year too.
Yes I am serious! They got all the way to 18-0 and had Tom Brady and Randy Moss together.
So would you ever draft one high?
Eli Manning is quarterback for the Giants. Right?
That's funny that you think it's a fact when it's unproven.
That was back in 1969, but for the 1968 season.
He does get a lot of sacks. That's a bit too situational to justify that pick, though.
Was Dan Marino the quarter back for the Dolphins?
He is lean muscle.
They suck!
Maybe you should look into it. Just set yourself some boundaries.
Nice I got it on the first try.
I agree! His receiving is what separates him as a player. He should use it.
Players in the NFL definitely have a very short playing career. That's what makes the longevity of Tom Brady particularly amazing.
Tom Brady is going to choke on the field.
Again?
Yeah, who can forget that.
Well first off, he should never have fired Jim Harbaugh.
That's a totally legitimate criticism of Flacco, but I'm talking about his potential for this season.
Oh nice, I didn't know that. Where did he play in college.
That was talked about all over work.
Yes, my body couldn't handle being tackled now and I love the sport
Me too, last time they played it was in London.
Well, the Cowboys have Dak Prescott, Appleby and Rush.
I'm so excited for the first game of the season. I can't wait to get in the new stadium.
Okay.. but do you like the game itself?
I think adding Marshawn Lynch is huge.
I expected you'd say that. Do you think he really played a part in the deflated football scandal?
Why don't you like them?
Yeah, but if he gets hurt it could stop his chances from the big leagues.
They can choose, as long as they have knowledge.
Who do think will win tonight?
Yea, the days of glory are long gone.
Do you think the Saints are going to go all the way this year?
So I think we got a shot!
But they're not even the same conference.
Never thought of that. OK, no mocking.
And they always get an easy schedule.
Yea, well that division may be up for grabs.
Something like that, and then Rodgers made that ridiculous scramble and pass.
I will be rooting for the Houston Texans.
I believe so, and think the last one was in 2010.
Yeah, and their defense is just plain scary.
How many more years do you think Tom Brady will play?
Well, lets see how Atlanta does in Pre-Season.
I am playing Madden you know NFL game
Yea, that with Ertz over the middle. Very nice!
No it's probably been more recent than that.  But they don't give up, they just keep going.
No. He is just observing because he hasn't been released yet.
Right,from ucla.
They weren't too great last year.
It sounds like you are ready for the Thanksgiving Day Party!
Cool
They didn't want to play him much at first.
Yeah, he's had a rough go offensively in the past years.
They did Flacco the same way.
I'm just glad they got rid of Kaepernick.
I like that pick too. That division is weak
Seems like Mark Ingram is going to have stiff competiton this season.
Remember the 91 season?
Yes, they will be good, but we will be better.
Yeah I watched their playoff game against Green Bay which they lost.
Yeah, but I want my boy Aaron Rodgers again.  Dude is insanely talented.
I think the product gets watered down.
Wow football player turned actor that's interesting.
Come on
I think the GM would make a mistake in recommending letting him go.
That's when she sold them?
The combination of Ben, Bell and Brown is devastating and then to add in Bryant.
I agree. Now if only they could play a little more defense.
That makes sense I guess. Why don't you watch anymore?
Who else do they have at qb?
Speaking of quarterbacks what is your opinion of Matt Ryan?
Going to the home opener?
Well, the Cowboys also lost a great deal of players on defense. I think 4 of the starters in the secondary left during free agency?
Running backs normally dont see big paydays
Classic
Well I believe in Mariota, I also believe that the Panthers are coming back this season.
Ah, so the Giants Cowboys games are the most important to him
The Oilers. Who else do they play this year?  I mean, besides the division games.
How about the Cowboys?
I dunno man, Lynch is a genius as the GM - and he just started!
Can the Jaguars finally put together a good season?
Miami, touchdown pass.
I can't believe they went for the first round pick tight end.
Not like the Bills or Jets - they are welcome mats - terrible and could never be called - a rivalry.
Not at all, you see Mike Glennon and Josh McCown but thats because they are backups only.
Like you have any right to bad mouth my team!  If memory is correct, I don't think your Philadelphia Eagles are wearing any Superbowl rings!
You should, its amazing
Nice, I've been to five games, all in Kansas City where we live.
Not even when it's 20 below zero?
I feel like we have the foundation to become a playoff team year after year.
And with Romo at the helm, it's gonna be another great season.
Exactly, he has been lighting up the league, imagine if he had a good defense.
You're right but we will have to wait and see how he applies everything when he plays.
You think the option would work?
For sure. What other teams do you see as being horribly atrocious?
Jacksonville will be no problem. They have low stats for years now.
Oh that is pretty good! Who are their best players?
I heard Paul McCartney was a safe choice.
DId they win their last game?
That's what everyone said.
In college there's always like eight games on at once so you have a legitimate choice
That's what they say.  Al claims there were just better players.
But Dak will have another year as a starter.
Who do you have winning the NFC East?
Ah
Some hits are really hard.
Wow, that's pretty good.
I remember some of the Quarterbacks on that game. Warren Moon, Randall Cunningham, Joe Montana.
What did they finish last year? Man, Super Bowl one year and wash outs the next.
I can see that. One last run for Drew  Brees.
Yea, I'm not sure they can top the falcons.
Yeah I see people all the time wearing Gleason shirts.
Will they do the same this season?
Not really. His contract goes till 2019.
He's done,it several times already.
Bob Sanders was a beast.
Like how?
one o'clock!
I am going to miss Romo, but it was time for him to retire.
Less people playing equals less in the NFL.
They will be competing for sure.
Like what?
Well what
I still think the players know the risk.
Why not take them off the preseason
I might agree for the next 2-3 years - not that they will win the SuperBowl, but they will be near at the end.
So you think that a 29-year old Darren McFadden could be their leading rusher?
What are you guys going to do when Brady retires?
NFL
Which is strange because, like you sad, he's probably one of the best in the league.
That's cool.
He was arrested just last year over a public scene where he had drugs.
Where did they play it back then?
Yea, Atlanta also now has been there before.
How about this, if things would workout, would they (Packers) have a chance in the superbowl?
So you're not into it at all for the actual sport?
No that was Jon Gruden.
Yes, it's my least favorite thing about football.
Yeah true,  he really helped the cowboys a lot.
The only thing is they had a chip on their shoulder for the last few years.
Who was in that game?
Yeah, but haven't the last superbowls been exciting?
While that might be true, he is a terrible route runner that has too much trouble getting seperation from defenders.
Ha, whatever bro, you want to go to the game this weekend?
Do you mean durable?
are you going to throw any gameday party
I can think of a lot of quarterbacks who are like that.
My mom loves that team
They also have amari cooper and Michael Crabtree.
The guy ripped his players, coaching staff, and threw everyone including himself under the bus in that rant.
My friend is  Dallas Cowboys fan.
I agree Him and Robert Mathis helped that team alot
Yeah, I guess they are.
Okay...
Yeah it definitely was.
Can I be honest with you?
Yup but at the same time it's pretty cool Las Vegas is getting a NFL team.
Funny thing is Oakland deserves better.  They were pretty good last year.
They had some good teams back then though.
I think Gronk has a couple more seasons in him if he stays healthy.
I believe it was 1967.
Oh man, they are an absolute mess right now, they will be battling the Rams for last place in the division.
At least Coughlin is gone
I think so too, they are my Superbowl favorites.
They still talk about Urlacher and he's long retired.
He looked good last year but still a lot to prove.
personally, i'm going to watching how DeMarco Murray continues to perform
Maybe they are smarter than everyonelse?
I have tickets to some preseason games at Gillette.
i wonder how well he will do with Mariota
So, where is the Superbowl being played in 2018
Does LA have two NFL teams?
Yeah, it is hard to argue against anyone when they keep making it to the playoffs.
Now if you want to talk about a run for the Superbowl lets talk the Cowboys.
I think it may surprise us.
To me, there shouldn't be limitations to how the sport should progress. If athletes want to use steroids they should use it.
He's old!
Eli Manning needs a good team around him.
How were his stats?
It's looking good
I could agree more
Probably so, but Dallas made a strong showing this past year.
Who else do you see challenging?
Hopefully this will be the year the Bucs get to the playoffs and beyond.
I'm not, really. I'm rooting against the system.
Oh, I think that'll be an easy win for the Patriots.
Yeah, but they didn't lose any other players and they still have Matt Ryan.
How do you feel about the Steelers?
Good one they definitely didn't play very well.
I supposed I can see why.
Thats not bad
Yes, big change to go to Texas.
Defintely AJ Green needs some help
That should be interesting.
Yeah. Will smith is a doctor that tries to expose to the world the major head injuries caused by football.
That's probably true. I think Drew Brees is still really good and Andrew Luck has the talent, he just needs a better line.
Agreed, that's how the Baltimore Ravens and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers won their super bowls.
Carson Wentz will come on this year the Eagles have upgrades in many positions.
We're forgetting they haven't lost anyone good and they upgraded at running back.
Besides, the Vikes drafted Delvin Cook to replace AP.
I like Edelman too but Malcolm Mitchell is my favorite Patriots receiver.
I think they will probably end the season 10-6.
They were strong from the first quarter!
Dallas, field goal in the first quarter.
Yup exactly
Well if it was not my number one pick it would have to be the Packers.
Well, I'll be waiting for the underdogs to make it this year.
The AFC South is definitely the weakest division in football.
We almost made it the year Brett Favre was in it.
Who then became the L.A. Raiders
Really? For what?
Yeah, that was such a stupid play call.
I am good now though.
How did they do last year?
Have you been to the new 49er stadium?
Yea, it was a shame that they couldn't hang on last year.
Exactly, if they were so great the wouldn't of dropped a game.
I'm pretty sure that's how the cowboys fans feel
My favorite was Addree' Jackson from USC although I will admit I'm partial to USC. Juju is so fast and explosive as a return man and a corner back.
The steelers will always be tough. Timeline always seems to get those guys to play.
Yeah.  Landry Jones is their backup.
I am not sure. I do not think we will ever go to four straight Superbowl's again.
He could break out even more this year.  He is extremely fast.
No, what happened?
Yes he did well on that team. Why he leave?
The Steelers look very interesting this time around
No I dont think so.
I think the Seahawks will do good.
Yes, it will make them stronger and more determined.
Oh man
Well, what has Brady done on the field?
They certainly do.
Do you think the falcons can get back to the bowl.
Football players are always playing through injury. I'm sure that there are a lot of banged up players that we don't know about in the NFL.
I do too.
Oh? What's up?
Well, Baltimore has not been back in a long time
I think Fletcher Cox is a beast
The Eagles got a good rookie quarterback though.
So you think they should follow different rules?
Who is it?
That sounds crazy!
What drives me even crazier is their fanbase.
Because there are so many good other players that can do better.
Yes, hopefully they are working on their blockers as well.
No
How so?
Are they your favorite team?
You mean addition by subtraction?
Hopefully he works really hard this offseason.
I wouldn't say good, but they do have some quality players.
I agree, I am hoping this year we will come back
He was down on the list too. The greatest player listed was not a quarterback.
Myles Garrett. He went to the Browns.
Yes! And Jack Lambert was a force!
I still can not believe they let that huge lead they had over the Patriots get away this past Superbowl!
i honestly do not know.
Seriously?  The Saints haven't done well in a while.
Why
I believe they gave Soldier Field a makeover a few years ago, didn't they?
How do you think the defense will hold up?
Who knows?
hester can too
What was?
Talk to Ron on monday and he will let you know
Do you remember who they played?
Yep. Started 2 games, and went inactive again when Brady came back
I do not care for the seahawks either. How about you?
James Harrison will always be solid, even if he is 40. The rest of the defense needs to step up and prove themselves.
And?
if some of these players had gotten help
Yea and for doing something they love to do.
I just don't get it. Trubisky is just the best of a terrible class of quarterbacks this year.
Agreed, they are great.
Yes, one of their star players was out.
Other than celebrations, you don't have a problem with the other rules?
Without a doubt.
I think Cam will do better if he just gets some lines to help him.
Good question, I think they will miss the playoffs because the Packers and Lions will both be good.
I don't know, but I doubt everyone will ever come to an agreement one way or the other
Yeah hes been hurt or mired on a bad team lately
What about the other backs on the team?
Wait, Manuel is going to be stuck with the Bills for six years?
I forgot he was on that team.
There is Jay Ajayi from Miami and David Johnson from Arizona.
Really? he's gotta be on life support.
I still can't believe Houston didn't want Romo.
I'm wondering how this is going to effect Dak Prescotts image?
Wouldn't surprise me. How do you think they'll do on the field.
It all comes down to that.
I forgot you used to travel with her a lot.
Ive been a fan since i can remember
I did he had to pay up and take me ot to dinner and a movie.
The Dallas Cowboys of course
I think that's why Brady is better than Manning.
Yeah! His brother, David Carr, used to play for the Giants.
His blind faith in his system is what killed him.
But, Tom Brady is the best
Definitely, like Odell Beckham Jr. when he's in a good mood
I think he's going to stay the top quarterback in the NFC East this season.
Bud Grant and Hank Stram.
Yeah, he sued him and claimed that he was on steroids and that's what made him so aggressive.
Like what
But he cheated when he did it.
I can't wait until the pats get another championship.
I heard one of the Steelers say this week that your best ability is availability. So true isn't it?
The latest being the 49ers and Rams game.
Will the Browns be any good this year?
I agree!
Last yesr we had barbeque
It is hard to say. They have had a lot of personnel changes.
The first name that came to my mind was Mike Ditka.
Which is why he has only made it to the Super Bowl once, right?
So why do you bring up Ryan
Wonder how good the team will be.
They probably wont win their division this year.
They sure did not seem to give Lovie Smith much of a chance to be successful there.
Really? Why do you think that?
They have more iconic players and they've done more recently.
Adam Vinatieri ages like a fine wine
Thats how i am with the steelers
Who do you root for?
I know they are a hard team to figure out. Dalton is pretty good and A.J. Green is a great wide out.
Yes, to some degree. But getting paid millions of dollars to play a game a few times a year is absurd.
Yeah I wonder how Jamie Collins likes playing for the worst team in the leauge
I can understand that, hopefully injuries will not be a problem.
They are a pretty good team
Will Russell Wilson have a good year?
It actually makes him the highest paid NFL player ever.
You also have Taylor in that mix, I've always liked Taylor!
It was a lot of fun, those practices were pretty informal being so early in the season
Bellicheck and Brady can handle the game.
I don't like Brady
Those guys are all overrated.
Usually that is Jacksonville that gets affected.
What about their running backs?
7-0, Jets.
This is the NFL we're talking about.
I wonder why they traded for him. He was so lousy last year.
Brady just keeps getting better and better with age!
Have anyone ever gone 0-16?
I know! It was crazy to watch the Patriot score 19 points in the last quarter.
Do you think you can really compare Football to Basketball?
Do you think he'll start this season?
I don't know, Darren Sproles is pretty good.
I'm not so sure about Carson wentz yet.
Winning a Super Bowl?
I think Aaron Rogers will win MVP.
Well, he has had very talented teams over the years and still come up empty in the playoff win column.
Did you see how they played last year?
What other teams do you like?
No, they literally cheat!
He was amazing
I heard that the ticket sales for the Rams first season in LA didn't really go that well.
So where would you put a new team?
I would like to see Tampa Bucs take it this year.
Yeah, Osweiler was pretty useless last season as a coach.
They ain't changed. Man do a little bit, they pay him a lot.
Do you think he will ever work in the NFL again?
Or if you are a division opponent
I think they are rotating rookies until his return.
It shows all games
Hopefully, they will be able to make a return to the big game this season.
Why's that?
Then the Redskins ?
But why draft him when you had Mike Glennon?
Eagles? Good young QB and a strong defense!
Yeah, they have to keeps a clean pocket for him to be effective. Especially on downfield throws.
The score was close, luckily.
He only had two interceptions all year!
What? you're crazy, why?
Poor Vikings.
Oh, but I am dissing them.
who will be the breakout star?
That is a good point
Who is their biggest rival this year?
I'll give them the greatest defense ever, but not enough offense to be the greatest team ever.
That is what was in the news, but who knows how true that stuff really was.
Were you disappointed?
No way. That was cool.
Yeah, Marcus Mariota was underrated last year.
It's a shame that the Rams move from St. Louis.
They are so harmful to the body and take away from the game.
I really liked them picking up a couple of offensive linemen as well, I think that's really going to help them in the future and protect Phillip Rivers.
he plays for the Giants.
What do you think he needs to do to improve?
I think that they are going to suprise people and be in the hunt at the end of the season.
What about Jason WItten, is he getting too old?
honestly, it will probably be the patriots again...
It doesn't?
Wouldn't surprise me. Remember the Chad Johnson golfing celebration?
They have both Jordy Nelson and Aaron Rogers. They are always very good.
I agree, it is really not something sports fans like
Well it obviously covers things like aggressive  behavior that results in injury. But excessive  celebration  is listed as mental hurt.
Who is your pick to win it all?
Well, I can't just secretly root for the Vikings. I like to go all out when I'm cheering.
Oh that's easy
Yeah I think it is crazy, it will be a must watch game when they play the seahawks
Not personally, no.  Do you?
When are they playing the cowboys?
Take a hit thats all he ever does since the Steelers offense is so sad.
What about you
Meaning what?
Now I have to go!
Who's jealousy? You can't keep up with a conversation about elite quarterbacks.
I see. And, those qualities are what it takes to be in the NFL?
Yeah the team is just the best.
What I really can't stand is the terrible towel.
They need some work
Who backs up Wilson this year?
Always it comes down to money.
Yea,I never heard of the guy.
Get ready to be proved wrong, we're going to dominate the league.
Yeah. Dandy DOn Merrideth!
Lots of friends?
Yeah, he signed elsewhere, but he's done anyway.
Did you ever see them play the Bears?
Good point, let's watch some Dolphins and classic Titans tape.
Exactly
Whats wrong with that--maybe related to music and New Orleans and "When the Saints Come Marching In".
Who do you have winning the Super Bowl?
Were they punished?
They probably do, I think they improved enough in the off season to be a favorite to win it all.
Let's hope Flacco's new contract can get him to the finals.
isnt that your alma mater?
Yeah it's so hard to get to the Superbowl in the first place.
I think the Packers will win both regular season games against the Vikings.
Who is the next one to be just like him
Dallas, on a field goal in the first quarter.
He's the best head coach in football.
And Frederick was a first rounder.
Ha ha, Very Funny. Who do you think will win the Big Game, though?
Yes, they have been good for a long time.
So why no love for safeties?
It takes skill, dedication, and effort to be good.
Sadly, no.
What do you think about the return of Marshawn Lynch?
He eats well and get to bed early every night.
How can you like a Colorado team and a Texas team when you are from New Mexico?
Wow that is very cool.  I love the excitement during comeback wins.
OK, I can see that    Is Watt healthy?
It was just designed that way.
Yes they did.  You can't let teams that good hang around like that.
It was very expensive, but I got it.
He was pretty awsome durning his time.
They also play in a division that is getting better.
I just see New York as a place where players and teams go to die.
I am not sure.
Why not?
Where did Prescott go to college?
I agree, what about Carolina?  Do you think they can get it together.
Me too! My entire family loves them.
Who was the QB for the Bills back then?
And the long snapper.
They do have Rodgers!
I wonder if they are sharing the locker with the Rams?
That is funny - we are similar I think, I spent alot of time in the Denver area - loved the Broncos
Hey, some teams have never even been!
That's true. Atleast you have LeSean Mccoy to watch.
I wonder who the oldest QB ever to win the superbowl.
Because, to let them come back from that many points down - someone should be fired.
I guess but seemed like a lot even back then.
For him he might want to have the most ever
Their other QB's were all garbage though.
Oh so it's been awhile since they've won something.
Yeah I think so too.  If Zak gets hurt, then they are screwed.
Yeah if Beastmode comes back to his Seahawk days of old and runs people over.
You would think Jones would have learned earlier how not to be Steinbrenner.
And?
Yea, I agree. They probably can't top the Steelers.
Does that mean that you were not a fan of Rex Ryan?
You really think so at his age?
They kept the offense vanilla for him to make it easier.
Not an easy game.
Greg Olsen of course too.
Your spouse is invited too.
Between the Browns and the Steelers I'm not sure which one I hate the most.
I WENT TO ONE GAME LAST YEAR WHEN THEY PLAYED THE SAINTS.
The Giants.
I could never forget that, I didn't want to bring it up.
We also have a legitimate stadium and we don't have to resort to driving so far.
Are you pleased with Cam Newton?
Eli Manning is great in the clutch
I know it's ridiculous. I've watched too many Panthers games won by the refs, not the other team.
I want to see them all.
Is that how the game ended?
Tell me about it. If I were Kirk Cousins I would be planning my escape 24/7.
Well you conveniently left out that he had 15 interceptions this season.
You are still wearing the same closes you had on last Sunday!
I've heard that he is pretty short.
There's also the Colts playing against the Rams.
I heard you guys picked Julius peppers up.
Kyle Shanahan will definitely be hard to replace.  He did a very good job.
What team is the biggest Packer rival?
They play the saints and raiders too.
He was an outworldy talent.
I agree.  Pure jealousy
Politics, man, it's all about the politics.  It'll happen.  You just wait and see.
Wow I wonder if he can do it next season.
Ereck Flowers plays tackle.
Football is now king! It hasn't even been close for the last 20 years. Baseball is a distant number 2.
I hope he is healed well.
Yes, with a Russell Wilson getting hot.
1993 for the Raiders.
True. Coach O'Brien said he is looking good in practice.
This is your first actual NFL game right
Really? You would take him over guys like Arron Rodgers,Andrew Luck, or even a great receiver like Antonio Brown?
Really? That many? I don't think he won any Superbowls, did he?
Did you play football as a kid?
It seems silly to me. Anyway, I wonder who will be the most improved team this year
I sure did, but I was just a child.  I picked the Colts as my team because I liked the horseshoe emblem.
Randall Cunningham was another one who played for a while.
Yeah I liek those two.
That was a close game wasn't it?
I think the problem is that he needs more help on his fundamental skills.  He depends too much on his athletic ability.
beastmode !!!!
That is true. Who do you think is coming out of the AFC?
Our offense is going to be really fun to watch. Do you still have season tickets?
I think we got an upgrade with Dak - hope he avoids the sophomore slump
I always liked Emmitt Smith.  He was such a class act.
They're taking his vitals.
I agree. Tom Brady is hot but after deflategate, I just do not like him or that team.
Exactly
I think they will be tough to beat, but I think the Atlanta Falcons are going to win it.  I think they are going to be hungry to redeem themselves.  Have you seen the new commercial with Matt Ryan?
I was pretty much devastated by then.
Yeah, what is your favorite pizza?
Why do you say that?
Would he still be good if he was around today?
That was when we would come back inside after playing football.  Fall in upstate New York was cold and wet.
I hope the Texans have another good year too
Midseason next year
That's true
I can't believe he's in the hall of fame.
Pretty sad--what's the problem with the team.
Do you have a second favorite fact?
oh,. so like, he just didn't care and didn't even try hard?
You have to admit they are a tight match up.
Well, except for the Patriots.
Not to mention Bill Belichick may be the best coach ever.
I'm a huge Saints fan. Who is your favorite team?
Hey, I supported the Bengals for decades. When was the last time they won a championship?
Well are you stubborn
USA Today just listed him as the most overpaid player in the NFL.
I thought they improved a lot last year. I agree.
They have the best coaching staff in the league.
Some easier ones are the rams twice,the titans,the jaguars and the colts.
Whatever. You know that you are scared of the bears this year.  Probably worried about the Vikings and the lions too.
As long as Brady stays healthy we should be good.
The Browns didn't waste any time getting guys who got hyped up like the last two years at least.
Right, I think a lot more people will want to travel to Vegas to see them than Oakland.
well then I ould surely get two tickets so that we both can watch it
Rookie seasons are hard for everyone, very up and down.
Terrible!?  How so!?
I love watching it wvery week with my family
The Vikings arch rivals!
Really looking forward to seeing the Broncos in action this year. They had a great season last year... as always... but will be interesting to see how they do without Peyton Manning.
Well this is a new season.
Woo what happened with that RB from LSU
Yeah but it invites fans into watching the games
Yes, Peyton Manning.
That was sure true this year.
Bucs winning or losing?
It is
He's been playing for 8 years right?
Jim Brown
That guy had it coming, playing aggressively and taking cheap shots and players
Yeah, he's pretty good.
How are his stats?
That is so dumb!
How do you think Brandin Cooks will work out with the Patriots?
It helps that you have Tom Brady.
Yeah - I was shocked that the Raiders are actually moving to Vegas and the two teams playing in Los Angeles.
Yeah, it is odd that the Patriots won their last two Super Bowls off of stupid choices by the other teams.
Okay, I remember him. Didn't he retire early?
plus he is a rushing threat. he racked up close to 230 yards per game
I know.
i can't wait until football season
Like who?
Isn't that a factor of the offensive line?
In some of his games when he coached the Eagles it got to the point opposing defenses were calling out plays.
Me too. I think it'll be the Birds and the Boys fighting for the East
Which of those teams is more likely to get hot?
It was still fun though.
Was Tom Brady involved?
I'll throw out O.J. Simpson.
He gave up a lead to a better team, but against Brady his stats and skills match up well.
Well, you have a point.
What did he say about it?
I love when the nfl has a good halftime show
Well, its been that way for New Orleans now for years.
Well that is because Dree Brees is their Quarter back.
You can't be too happy with where the Jets are at right now.
Gotta have faith man, gotta have faith.
They are a huge disappointment though every year.
I miss that defense!
Yeah it was. And I think part of it was the fact that a lot of people are just tired of all the commercials.
What do you think about their recently retired players??
Not me
Who else do they have?
Imagine if the Colts picked Leaf instead.
Like the Cowboys did.
I doubt any analysts are talking about the Lions winning the Superbowl next season.
It is long. My husband sits his butt in front of the tv all Sunday afternoon and it is so boring.
It seems that most really good receivers have a lot of antics to go along with their game.
What?
What happens if they don't reach an agreement?
lol yes he is, I would probably also include Big Ben
Well, I guess I don't totally disagree with that. But, I mean he still produces pretty well, and the Steelers do have some younger talent that is pretty impressive.
Yes. The broncos and Chiefs won't be as good.
The Raiders are literally moving in a couple of years.
Yea, they are lucky he turned out okay, but still not good enough.
Yeah, and I have a difficult time arguing with that assessment.
Ridiculous was right. Everyone wanted to see the Vikings and Broncos in that Super Bowl.
Well that first game I mentioned for the Falcons was one of 4 preseason games. They are all televised.
What kind of record do you see them having?
Fun.
Well Aaron Rodgers threw 38 touchdowns that season with only 5 interceptions and led the Packers to first in the NFC North with a 12-4 record.
What is your prediction for stats for Lynch?
They sealed their places in NFL immortality with that crazy overtime win in last year's Super Bowl.
It is a nice jersey
The only real hole on offense is right tackle and Dawkins may fill that void.
I can understand that; although I think we finally have the parts to make a decent run.
Okay that is better.
They had a team in Arizona in 1922?
They also need some more action from their receivers. I think Beasley should get more play time.
Go on.
Hahaha. I was right. This test sucks.
Ask me a question you hear a lot.
Wow that was a long drive
What about the Cowboys?
Well I'll keep an eye on the Seahawks games next season.
Yeah,  you're right.
When did the Stellers last win a Super Bowl?
What are their colors?
I figured you would say him. I am sure many Ravens fans would share that opinion with you.
Are you going to any of the games in person?
Yes, and if they defeat Miami then they face the Bears. they were 3 and 13.
No what happened?
I think that other teams are going to figure out how to exploit that line and get to Dak Prescott.
Men?
Why?
Best team in Texas?
The Patriots were accused of deflating their balls a little to affect how they were thrown.
They got blown out by the Buccaneers
It was pretty major dude. Brady got suspended for 4 games in the next season and team got fined 1 mil. The team also lost 2 of their top draft picks.
JLO, Miley Cyrus, Paris Hilton!
Yeah, amazing, eh?
Maybe we should talk about something besides football?
I heard he does something with oxygen.
I am excited to see what another year with Pederson will be like since he spent last year undoing a lot of problems
Yea, he has to learn to stop getting suspended.
The colts are in the lead
Rodgers os a sissy
I started following them when Roger Staubach was the quarterback.
That was cool when they came out.  I got all their garb.
I will for sure be pulling for the Chiefs.
But they're America's team!!
Yeah. I feel bad for the Chargers losing to them last season.
Yes.
And don't forget the best player, Julio Jones.
What are your thoughts on the Broncos this year?
Oh, yes.  Janet Jackson's "wardrobe failure".
Defense is still an issue for them though.
Does he really have the team to produce this year?
Detroit has a brutal schedule.
Geez, fine Michael Strathain.
Me either I mean Oakland hasn't even been that good before last  year.
Guys produce like that all the time
That is so cool to hear, where did you meet?
I haven't been to a game, but Stacey said she was the only Chiefs fan in the endzone sears I got surronded by a lot of blue, red and silver.
I also really respect that he retired quietly.
Being a Michigan man, I would like to see Brady get one more and retire
And an expert commentator explaining what happened.
They should have him running the ball ten times a game.  You can't stop him.
I'm just saying, he is a major component in the team and has to step up.
Wow, he's a good player though.
It's gonna be amazing
Yeah he played like a hall of famer.
Yeah if I guy like Joe Gibbs came back and couldn't fix things or get them better - not sure anyone can.
Yes, but seems the Browns just can't get into a game.
Why?
Who do you think makes it from the AFC?
I was disappointed they lost.
I hope that the Colts make it this year finally.
Yea, he kinda succeeded his first year and then fizzled.
Nah, I'll bring Jess, she's a Dolphins fan too.
To me, he was the best back ever even if he doesn't have many records.
Do you really think they have a chance for the superbowl?
I think so. He'll probably be backup quarterback.
I'd imagine, but they enjoy the game just the same.  You follow the NFL draft, keep up with who's on waivers?
I am a true blue Cowboys fan, have been ever since my youth.
I'm not sure about that.
Even with two against the Jets?
Their secondary is going to be insane, too.
That and the fact that wide receivers are agile when it comes to cutting.
Yeah Antonio Brown is dangerous. Who do you have for the worst team?
Its crazy, I know some sports the teams try to tank during the season to get a better draft pick, but not BEFORE the season starts!
Debatable or not, he is amazing and I loved the Panthers matchup in 2004.
They had a great team
No kidding
Yeah, I heard that too.  I guess he's from Oakland.
How often do you go?
The ball has to bounce your way at times.
No one is disputing their defenses. Denver won Super Bowl 50 mostly based on their defense.
Oh man, Brady is the greatest.
What if a player directly hits another player in the head while leading with the crown of his helmet?
Yeah he is, I'm trying to get him in fantasy.
Agree and love their defense, but you can't win with Alex Smith.
i like him in "The Longest Yard."
I don't know man. Who is going to start at QB for the Vikings?
They are a good team
So one?
But still!  Terrible team!
He played his college ball at Georgia, right?
You're probably right. No one could play in that heat without having serious problems.
I think so.
Oh yeah, the time zone.
They might. They have a really strong team.
Yes, and same with Brady, so you know the two of them have an enormous impact
If I was an Atlanta fan I would have been sick
I thought he was canned.
They tried. They stopped deliveries to 110 customers, but 167 were still sent out.
Sorry to hear that did not work out for you but there is still a chance.
Your forgetting that Brady won his Super Bowls in the era of free agency.
I'm also rooting for the patriots this year.
What are some interesting stories from the early days?
Who was the quarterback in there before the switch?
So what they still have a lot of great players and I know this is going to be their year.
You really thought Ben was that bad?
I bet he could.
Rodgers is a great first choice by the way.
Well, hopefully they do better this year.
"I'm the coach of the Browns".   I was so embarrassed.
That's what you say until someone on your favorite team gets hurt.
But that's why people love it. It;s about being tough.
I guess you are!
So then go to the AFC
I think he's the best in Giant's history too.
Me either. What other choke jobs come to mind?
What do they call Packer fans again?
I'm from Baltimore and I am a Vikings fan
horrible players
Oh...ok? The Buccaneers had a good defense?
Last minute plays happens all the time.
Well I hope both night have some good matchups.
During the pregame season.
Jeez man, they're stacked again this year.
Yeah, me neither. But I guess we'll find out.
The way I see it, if the owner of a team wants a new stadium, then they should pay for it themselves. These guys are so rich.
Thursday, at Dallas; it's gonna be epic.
right
I just don't want to see the Patriots again.
You sure none of them cheated
So who then?
They told him at first he was more likely to have an injury.
Yeah, he flourished.
Marshawn Lynch!
I don't know, i never heard of him.
I know that Brady is married to Giselle, that Ben Afflec seems to be in love with him, and that people cheat to get ahead.
True. I feel like offensive linemen are overlooked.
They're all around offense is powerful.
The Texans?
Do you plan to get season tickets for the Chargers games?
I don't think that this is their year, maybe next year.
Did you like the old logo with the Buccaneer and the sword in his mouth.
Yes he filled one of their biggest needs and I think it will take them over the hump.
What other good wide receivers doe the Bills have?
Over-saturation. We don't need a ton of teams, and there are already enough
What team did he come from?
Heh, well I'll keep that in mind if the Lions keep up their current streak.
That may be true but really, the lions last championship was back in 1957. Thats before you were even born.
He's plenty fast enough.  Look at how many touchdowns he scores.
Did you know he never scored a touchdown in the super bowl?
Huh. Who was that?
I did read that.  If that is the case, I'm pulling for your Cowboys then.
You're not a fan of the team in your state?
Playing behind a bad offensive line will make even the best quarterbacks look bad.
Yeah, there is no denying his talents, that's for sure. I always pick him for my fantasy team when I can.
Do you think Tom Brady will ever slow down?
Yea, he was very dominant and still is.
Yea the cowboys were great this year, still have an amazing line, and Prescott and Zeke should only be better.
That means they are worthy of recognition
So then they get a free extra point.
I think the Packers may give them a run for their money.
I remember they beat the Buffalo Bills in the Super Bowl.
Me either. I thought it would have been like a Rays game.
I think Joe Namath would be worth a lot.
Don't you think it's held back some franchises from becoming even more valuable.
It means that despite what people would like to say, a few under-inflated balls was not the reason the Patriots were so good.
Best O-line in the league.  They blow the defense back 5 years before Elliot hits the line.
its only happened twice
Win the division and you're in.
That is fair weather.
Kinesiology
It makes the game much more heroic that way.
Yeah, well in 2015 they were 3-13.
I see what you are saying, and maybe it would be out of wack for a few years, but it would work out and balance in the end.
Agreed. Plus they have a new stadium, which should give them some motivation as well.
Why would they ever draft a kicker for their first pick?
Green Bay, 7-0, first quarter.
They have too much trouble with the QB position.
What?  You cheer for the likeliest looser?
Is there a certain NFL team that you like?
Yea, some of these general managers need to realize that you cannot build through free agency.
I had hoped the same but the Falcons really gave them a run for their money.
Answer.sentence12
You could get tickets to a Cowboys game for your boyfriend for Christmas. He'd love that!
Oh, not bad!  That'll be good for dodging tackles and whatnot.
Its cuz the Raiders have the best fans in the league!
It had better be.
That was only because of the bad call against the fullback when he supposedly fumbled!
No I have not.
Yeah but nothing he specifically did translates to the NFL
I see. Why does the punter punt the ball to the other team?
He should be an excellent player on offense. However, I'm worried that Cam Newton's propensity to run the ball will open him up to injury, which could hurt their overall offense.
Beast Mode. Yeah you must be excited that he came out of retirement to play this season.
All-around, coaching included, probably yes, but the Falcons are going to be hot with revenge, man.
I also think Aaron Rodgers is so good.  He gets frustrated not being in the big game.  He really should have been there more than once.
Do you watch a lot of their games?
Yep, as soon as pigs fly and hell freezes over.
It started to look grim.
yup
I'm sure that will be useful to new athletes who are trying to make it onto the big teams.
Actually, no. Just my step father, who lived in CO for a chunk of his life.
They are okay
It's just frustrating to have a good season, then not be able to win a playoff game.
Yeah, but he plays for the worst football team in the NFL in a very tough division.
When he gets hurt they usually miss the playoffs.
I am tired of Tom Brady and Bill Bellichek
I am kind of concerned about Cam Newton myself.
The Panthers Stadium is really nice.  I have seen the Colts stadium and it is amazing.
Why the Seahawks?
No, that's a bit too far for my taste.
If you're letting your kids use NFL players as role models, you're a bad parent.
Belichick will probably go down as the best coach in NFL history, so it's hard to make comparisons
I think going with the New England Patriots to repeat is a no brainer.  It seems like they just keep getting better and better with their acquisitions and Tom Brady showing no signs of slowing down.  Who are you taking?
I have to say the Texans are looking really strong defensively, too.
Wow. It makes you wonder how they stay in the league
Yep, wonder how well he'll perform.
That is what I worry about, he hasn't beat out the current quarterback ahead of him.
I think we should support the team.
I had one once, but there was just too much yelling going on during the game.
Man, that's tough.
You can't talk quarterbacks without talking about Matt Ryan, also.
Excuse me?
I sure hope they do better this year. Last year was disappointing.
That would be pretty cool to see the NFL have more international exposure.
I watch the NFL with my family every now and then.
I really don't like you right now.
Because he didn't have a good team
I haven't heard, but I would expect so.
But it's true, they are getting old.
What a great moment for a son to get to honor his dad.
Very true.  But I'm hopeful!
Yeah, that stuff.
I don't think so since San Diego just went to LA so now there are 2 teams in that area.
Thanks man
I have been watching him. I am not sure how far he can take them this year though.
Unfortunately.
I do to...same old same old every season.
That would be so cool!
I like the Packers
Agreed.
Brady just keeps going and going, like the Energizer Bunny.
Well, what do you expect, the lowest paid line in the league, for a good reason.
If you say so.
Yes, it was and it left the city of St. Louis with the cost of a stadium.
See I think it was partially his fault
Its not even about the game anymore.
It had to be, he was out for the rest of the season.
I read where it takes 600 cows a year to supply the skins for the footballs.
Yea, I agree, but he has not proven to do that yet.
If they were, which I don't think the were, then they were only quilty of doing what all the teams do.
Their defense is pathetic
Its going to be tough because the AFC Championship game always  ends in Foxboro  but yes Brady is too old
Who is your favorite?
Terrell Owens was a great receiver but there were always drama issues.
Same!
I've already got a few.  How about going to a game?
Well, why not make the money however you can?
That's amazing. I miss old football like that now running backs are becoming pretty obselte.
Yes, but I would have loved it if he was the one to run it into the end zone during the rematch.
I know he really deserves it.
Well they will end up paying him more if they keep the franchise tag option every year.
Sure, but there's no way that Kaepernick being overlooked by so many teams has to do with his skill as a player alone
Yes, and those championships included the first two Super Bowls.
Yeah, they're pretty cheap too.
They truly did. I felt bad for the Falcons.
It was announced the day that the Chargers moved to Los Angeles.
Its hard to say, it just seems so hard to win a championship.
Yes, specifically penalizing the helmet to helmet hit on defenseless players.
I acknowledge that it's been terrible for the past decade, but they just fired Gus Bradley and have made a lot of big name acquisitions in free agency.
Still remember that season, we looked unstoppable.
I'm not sure but it would be incredible.
I used to just watch on tv but now I go to them.
If you look at his numbers from last year, you will see that stat is actually misrepresented.  When his line gave him time, he was one of the better deep passers in the league.
I always thought it was funny how in Europe they call soccer football.
Who do you like?
We should go together.
That's it.
I agree but it was oddly satisfying seeing the Falcons crumble and burn live on television.
I'm only going off of what I've seen and his statistics. The guy is just bad.
It really could go either way, like what happened with the Colts.
That we picked up Foles again.
Didn't that have some crazy thing happen at the end of that game?
Over Luck and the Colts?
I used to, the one year I went out to get food the Janet Jackson fiasco happened
Who did they pick?
You know I'm from Jacksonville so I have a soft spot for the Jaguars but I honestly don't have much hope for them.
Oh we're into "football"
Nowadays if you look at someone wrong you get a flag.
Oh no my husband hates Tom Brady and the Patriots.
Yep, and then the Patriots scored 19 points in the last quarter.
Did you know that Tom Brady is married to Gisele Bundchen?
yeah he is
If I was in the NFL, I'd welcome the classes.
I remember the one New Years Day game when it snowed.
No they lied about that
Certainly got them into the playoffs as a wild card!
I say they win the first game and then lose the next two.
Reggie would out jump people and make himself a bigger target.
It's a shame he didn't retire a Colt.
I heard that.
I do too.
That's for sure.
Yes, but with the Bucs they shave off people every season and it's like starting over.
They have Jason Witten, he's really good, but he's getting older, hopefully he has a great year.
The best "Air Raid" quarterback is probably ... Johnny Manziel? Who was pretty exciting to watch until his life careened into substance abuse problems and domestic violence allegations. Totally different QB than Goff is though.
Yep. Broncos being the third one. Only won 3 out of those 8 though.
That's got to be tough, they are disappointing every year.
What do you have against him?  Lots of QBs stink.
He was good.
Coolio
How long have you been a Buc fan?
What do you think about all the relocation that's happening.
Yeah, at some point people just have enough money and want to win.
I'm not a pig, I'm a hog!
One year A group of Ravens fan were stomping on the Terrible Towls and their was a huge fight.
People either love them or hate them
Gronkowski seems like a good choice, but he is injury prone.
I actually respect the Patriots and Brady even if they have broken both of our ghearts.
Sounds like a fair.
Well, who does your dad think it is?
Haha trick question, January 15, 1967.
So you think I'm right?
He had an injury and once his injury got better, he traded to play with the Kansas City Chiefs.
So, big question: how much were the tickets?
Don't forget that there are some Saints fans that might show up.
I guess that could work. But I personally see it being a problem with the players.
How so?
It may have been in bad taste, but I don't think most people would object to it on the grounds that it was entertaining
That means now they're going to go on a loosing streak.
Call them cheaters all you want but they're the best in history.
I'm definitely not complaining about the winning after last season.
I think they will, but they will probably lose in the first round
Are you going to attend any Texans games this season?
They're both great coaches that can motivate the team in crunch time.
Ah
its more than that and you know it.  let people be.  You still enjoyed the superbowl party last year
Yeah, but Eli manning is throwing to him.
Yes.  The play was so horrible.
I would also say the Cowboys are an all time great franchise.
I do also.
I don't know if I could do his diet and life style but it sure works for him
Wouldn't that be awesome. Poor guy.
Ben Roethlisberger helps their chances of success.
How can you be a true fan if you switch your allegiance just because you move somewhere else?
He was a gritty quarterback.
Ok, hes a decent player.
I uess my pajamas are a bit moist...
I can't argue with that.
Well, the quarterback is the backbone of the offence, and the team was seen as simply not scoring enough.
There are teams I like and others I don't for various reasons. I like Green Bay.
Terrell Owens with 15,934 and Randy Moss is 3rd with 15,292 yards.
Really thats why he was complaining last year about them not protecting him.  At least Ben tries to run when theres an opening
Huh. Well that makes me happy I guess.
Maybe a team that has a young quaterback draft pick that needs a veteran presence for a couple years?
Make it like college--a fifteen yard penalty, not spot foul.
Matt Ryan maybe.
Well I'm not so sure all that happened.
So did I.
Did you guys play them last year in the playoffs.
Yes, many of them are in the Hall of Fame.
The front office must be praying that he does.
For this year?
1971
Why?
No names to Hall of Famers. Brady can make a receiver great.
He's improving year after year.  Seems like a good pick so far.
I think Dante Culpepper is pretty well known.
I wonder what that does to the company.
How about the second quarter?
Absolutely.  I read he changed his diet this offseason in an effort to remain healthier than last year.
An undergrad without a football team.
Well, let's see who wins tomorrow then, shall we?
No. I always laugh and say the gig was wasted on me since I don't know a thing about the game or it's players.
Nah, they have no defense.
Oh I agree with you. Love them or hate them, they never gave up and earned that victory.
No, I just watch on television at home. I've only been to a couple of Raiders games in my life.
Todd Gurley had a great rookie season and is bound for a bounce back season.
Dolphins have a few more strong players than the Bears.
It's the Los Angeles Chargers and the Los Angeles Rams.
He was great, he helped them win a Super Bowl.
That's even dumber that just pitching it into the goal!
I am not really expecting too much, but our draft was pretty solid and we didn't reach this time.
I have to agree there. If he puts up the same or better numbers this upcoming season he deserves to be MVP.
How do you feel about the hire of Doug Pederson?
It was OK
They were even on television each week.
I had a party too and the same thing with the people that came to mine.
Nope. Only been a NBA title here in Houston. We need something else!
Yeah sure whatever.
He is getting old though.
Yeah no question about that.
No, they don't, and there are some concerns that he does not seem to be building a rapport with Tannehill.
Yea, the only weak point on the offense last year was RB. They solved that.
Is that when you first noticed him?
That is true, however, they did not win the Superbowl!
No I think you need to get your RB in the 3rd round of the draft.
Yea, but he is coming off a bad season.
Just saying, probably a bit overrated.
Wow, that was a long time ago.
I totally agree. I thought Sidney Jones was a good pick, though.
He was a long time ago.
Absolutely.
Take that back!
That could work. I will look into it more.
Yeah I always wanted to live in Miami when I was a kid.
Yea, I mean the blocking is good for Russell Wilson, but he can do so much more to help out.
Speaking of that, I can't believe Tony Romo is retiring to be an announcer. I was hoping he would join the Broncos instead.
Brady never chokes.
Yes
And the start of the Bills Super Bowl losing streak.
Why is that?
Let's put that issue aside for now. You still haven't addressed either Antonio Brown or Le'Veon Bell.
He played at Notre Dame. Hopefully he will bring us victory!
Yea, so pick me up in 5 we must head to the game.
Anything high intensity and rough is so fun to watch.
I know I was bummed I couldn't go.
OK, I guess that makes sense.
It looks great on TV so in person it must be really nice.
Sure!  As long as one of my boys are playing!
Yeah, he is one of the greatest ever for sure, his age is a bit worrying though.
I'm really not sure how I feel about that situation.
There is so much domestic violence associated with their team.
I'm sure his team is going to try and protect such a valuable player.
Knowledge of what?
I think that the Eagles are going to win this time.
You mean the Elvis Grbac years?
Maybe, you just never know!
Oh I bet we do!
Yeah, but Big Ben is a horrible person who has been involved in accidents and a heck of a lot of sexual assaults.
You know Donald Driver from football, I know him from his killer Pasa Doble.
This may be Tom Brady's last season so he's got nothing to lose.
We know the redskins won't do too much.
Yes that was a great game for the last 3 quarters.
Ohh do you like Clemson?
Hey do you remember that touchdown pass to Santonio Holmes against the Cardinals, that helped them win?
That's definitely the strong point of their team.
If it were up to him he would play forever.
Yeah, i think they can iron out the kinks in Pre-Season
Yes?
Don't forget about their defense either. Fletcher Cox can ruffle some feathers.
Yeah you have to admire their stamina despite almost always losing.
If he gets healthy they probably have a really good shot this year.
Yes,that's right.
What was their record?
Yup. Although I still have't gtten the television fixed.
They won the Super Bowl last year
Why wouldn't they do that?
I felt their defense was even worse.
If he starts enough games, he can be top tier after this contract.
Yes, I didn't care for him.
Yes sir. After Teddy went down, the vikings were finished, and there isnt another decent team
I'm not entirely sure what role Adrian Peterson is going to have in the backfield, the Saints are already stacked.
Yea, that was perfect.
That optimism, I hope you are right.
Barely lost. If they would have won I think they may have been able to beat Atlanta.
Yeah, but he plays in the cold like six times a year.  That can hurt fantasy stats.
We really don't need a Thursday night game.
No he's not an actor he even said that in a recent interview, he just had fun saying his line in the movie.
No?
He is one of the best quarterbacks in the league that is for sure!
No, she hung on to them for years and years past the point that she could attend games.
This is really a scary offense for opposing defenses.
It seems like these young quarterbacks are really running the league early.
When I watched I got really into it and it took up all of my time and I just needed a break.
Christian hackenberg and Bryce petty.
Matt Ryan is improving his game every year, if he stays on that track he will be the next great quarterback of all time.
Nah, I have a vacation on the same date
Oh wow. I know we had people leave in the off-season but I didn't realize it was that many.
Yeah but you gotta pay the ones who are workhorses
Yea they are probably the most liked team in the NFL
Well I think so too, I think they are geared up to do really good.
Yea for the only reason that he wants to make it a competition with my dad
The first home game is with the Minnesota Vikings.
They have them going over 9.5 wins.
Exactly, he just started and has no experience with this. What makes you think he has the right mentality for the job?
I think they have some good pieces but not sure they are ready to take the next step.
What happened in the second quarter?
Yeah, how much could that possibly contribute?
I agree I think for it to be a rivalry in the NFL - the teams must be on par - performance wise.
I cant believe Chicago gave that money to Glennon.
Thst's the diference between Bills fans and Eagles fans...
Im hooked now
Do you own a lot of Kansas city Chiefs memorabilia like jerseys and clothes?
Not even then!
Teddy Bridgewater seems to be an outstanding young quarterback.
But Dallas is a one-man team. If romo gets hurt, it's all over
Yep, I think they would have won a few more Superbowls.
I think that he is promising, but I am more interested in watching Richard Sherman this season.
It doesn't seem to at times in the NFL. Miami tried it some in the past.
The teams that come to mind are the Jets, Chargers, and the Bears.
True. They got a couple of good draft pics as well, maybe they could up their stats.
Ben Roethlisberger and Antonio Brown are both pretty good.
What happened in the third quarter?
Yes, it was so exciting.
I wonder if Pete Carroll is still having nightmares about that play?
Right, but this is the NFL. The commissioner would never have it.
Allen was the greatest back who led them to a Super Bowl.
Defenses will key on him more.
The Giants, Eli has got everything in place to win
Yeah I grew up with them
Football is a dangerous sport.
Emmitt also has a few other records.
I loved playing as the Houston Oilers. They had the run and shoot offense.
Cam Newton is just so strong. He's like a pro playing with eighth graders sometimes.
He deseve's one more good playoff run. If their defence can hold.
Yea, especially if Matt Ryan has another repeat season.
Steve was diagnosed with ALS a few seasons after his historic punt block and all the shirts you see are for his charity called "No White Flags"
They have improved and have a chance, but I do not see another playoff run.
Sohe has a few years to really improve.
Everyone of them were in a huge game.
Yeah he was great when he wasn't injured.
It's fair because no one notices the cheerleaders anyway. They are paid $150 to look pretty.
Ok, you wearing your cheesehead this game.
He had too many injuries to be successful.
Or, lowering their standards to allow more in. There will always be people wanting to play.
Yeah it could also change throughout the season.
Well, he was nick named "The Senator" he use to get involved with the politics of football.
Why don't you go
They do know the risk, but it's because the NFL tried to cover up concussion that will get them in trouble.
Cause the owners wont let that happen
I will admit - I was about to turn off the SuperBowl last year, when they started to makle their comeback.
Darren McFadden would probably not be a great leading rusher. However, they have Alfred Morris, who was amazing in Washington during his early career.
I have no idea!
The browns as lame as that is
I really only think he's beaten out by Antonio Brown.
Yeah, she loves her Falcons.
So what makes him think he should try and play football?
I believe it was in New Orleans
Yea, It's too bad they didn't win last year.
Definitely, since this past season they did great.
Oh I am it's just not my biggest reason for following. I used to watch college football and basketball almost religiously.
That's right!
My favorite thing is seeing your old friends from the section. Visiting with the neighbors, you know.
I was surprised that kc let go of John Dorsey... I wonder what caused that.
Yes, with the deflategate scandal.
The Packers and Raiders, and the Packers won again.
Sure, but sometimes you have to put principal ahead of having fun.
That's not ideal, but he is still able to catch the ball in spite of double coverage on key plays.
I'm not sure man, it's not a good time for me to buy any tickets.
Yeah, that's what I meant
i am not sure i might
Yes, like Ryan Fitzpatrick. He looks as good as anyone and then look like a really bad rookie.
She has good taste
I don't think offense is a problem.
He said, "we sucked". You never hear a coach say that.
Does he like Romo?
yes they did
Delanie Walker is a good player.
But didn't want to let Jim Kelly complete a pass.
Brandon Dixon is a good player as well.
Yeah sure you can.
I guess so but I think fans should have a voice in these type of decesions.
Yeah, Carr may have been the most improved player in the league.
Jim Kelly was a great quarterback.
That's the tough part when you are a huge target and your job is to run over people if you have to.
Do you know where it took place.
Right, I can't believe how fast they have gone down, felt like the rivalry with the Seahawks was just yesterday.
I really like watching Odell Beckham
Can't believe that Rodgers only has one ring, he's been the the best player for the last five years at least.
Yeah, I mean he played defense right?
Le'Veon Bell had a good year last year.
I like Tennessee's quarterback, Mariota. If he continues to perform, that will only make Murray more dangerous
Must be something in the water
Wow thats great.
Well, at least he will be able to catch his ball unliek Titan's current WRs.
I think it will be in Minnesota?
Yes, they have the Chargers and the Rams.
But the Patriots have won 2 in the past few years and the Packers win was like 7 years ago.
Cowboys?  Are they bringing back Aikman or Staubach?
I hope so.
Like I said, it would be unfair to those who don't want to risk the dangers of steroids.
He is, but he's so skilled! There's no need for him to retire anytime soon.
He is getting older now and he was always inconsistent.
He got 23 touchdowns with only 4 interceptions.
You say?
And having a cold beer is great too
That rookie quarter back and the rookie running back for Dallas are great additions.
Maybe Seattle?
Yes, i don't think the prices will feel so bad if the team is having a winning season.
How so?
Yeah, maybe. Especially since it's a home game.
I agree Matty Ice is a great quarterback.
Same as you feel about the Patriots, I guess; I recognize the talent, but I'd like to see less of them overall
The team they beat was probably embarrassed.
I told them they only fool themselves if they think you can study a bet - its a freaking guess.
He's not bad
Right, at least it is the Texans.
agreed he doesn't get a lot of throws because he has no help on the other side of the field
Why is that?
That's a pretty heavy movie, typical of Will Smith.
I feel like Luck may be a little overrated because people were wowed by his talent.
Any prediction on who is going to the Super Bowl next year?
They may do a little better but I still think they do not lead the East.
I agree, Gillisee is an upgrade over Blount.
Cook is decent, but do you think he will be any good in the NFL.
What? No way. Why?
That is a little optimistic, I definitely see them being a playoff team though.
They always are.
Who was leading at the half?
They did good this year
I would say the Colts.
Who do you mean? Detroit?
By a mile. I believe Mariotta will be back in the lineup to start the season.
Yeah, that was something.
Who then became the Oakland Raiders
One of his employees got caught videotaping defensive hand signals from the Jets.
No doubt. Why would you throw the ball when you still have a time out, and its only second down?
Me too. We just got to get back this year.
They made it to the playoffs, but then the lost to the Steelers.
Levi's Stadium, no they made it too expensive.
Yea, they had it in their hands and just blew it.
The thing people fail to remember is their seasons tarted off badly.
Why do you say that?
He is fun to watch. He has the speed without a doubt. However, he doesn't have the obvious size or strength. I will admit there are not many athletes with his talent.
Agreed! They got some young guys on defense. The guys they had last year just couldn't get it done.
I saw they drafted a QB in the draft this year.
I am not sure if any team will ever go to four straight again.
Also, Kansas City didn't resign Jeremy Maclin, so Hill could get a lot more opportunities.
He used an auto-pen to sign a bunch of football cards.
They let him go.
Yeah?  Didn't their owner just die?
None of Belichick's assistants have ever done anything.
Of course, they are a very competitive team.
Wll they were outplaying the Patriots for the first half, so all they need is that finish them mentality.
What
What has Brady done? He's done multiple Super Bowls.
I wonder how good of shape they have to stay in.
I do, they will be tough to beat this year.
When you couple the injuries with their increasing ages and their large contracts, I don't see how Seattle can continue to compete moving forward.
I sit in the dawg pound.
Well linebacker Damien Wilson was arrested for suspicion of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Then running back Darren McFadden family was injured in that Little Rock shooting.
They never will be either
I dont think so to be honest
Yeah but do they have anything else on offense?
No but the NFL is an entity that represents things that the younger generations strive for. They have a moral and social responsibilities.
His name is Kyle Shanahan.
It was! One player would hike the ball, and then try to pus their way down the hallway toward the doorway on the other end, which was the goal line.
They're no different from everyone else.
Like who?
They need to get their qb up in to Winston class.
They used to be the Oilers
Green Bay is tiny, especially compared to other football cities.
Yes they are
That's what I mean.
I am sure he will put in a lot of effort this offseason.
Aaron Donald is the best DT in the league.
Have you ever gone to the superbowl?
Really? What position did the greatest player play?
He's that defensive end from Texas right?
The steel curtain was dominant.
I know, how many points were they up exactly?
hm.... something we should look up.
Well, maybe it's more the rest of the team than it is him.
Because its popular
I believe so. At it's core, it is still Soldier Field. I believe they gave it a makeover and added a few more seats.
They would improve a lot by just taking William Gay out of the game.
They seem to have a decent fan base .
not like prime time
A college friend of mine who lives in Florida is a team doctor to a football team. They gave him two 10th row tickets but he didn't want to come to Minnesota sothey sent them to me.
Wow thanks bro!
No it was a long time back so I wouldn't know
All these bad storuies don't make me feel good
No, another team I am tired of seeing. As well as the Cowboys.
I think they made good moves in free agency to sure up the defense.
They have it best
maybe they would be alive
Can't be a very hard job.
I agree. He only played one year at North Carolina on top of it all.
I watch every Sunday?
Who?
No, not really. What new rules do you not like?
What about Green Bay?
Me too he is good at footballa nd has a great heart.
Yes, I agree with that, it will be tough to win that division this year.
Why do you think people don't like Tom Brady? Aside from all the Patriots fans, that is
But he still has the requisite skills to be good
Well, basically they have two other experienced backs and some guys who are long shots.
That's what they signed him for.
Lastly he retired from the Vikings.
I would be a little wary of picking those two because they seem like one year wonders, especially on a team like Miami or Arizona.
Probably.
That would've been a great fit for both of them.
I don't know if it will actually make him look any different.
They are still either the second or third best team in the AFC with Derek Carr back.
Right because it is easier to get injured once you are older.
Yes. And while there we bought same day tickets to see a Cowboys vs Bears game.
Im the same way with the seahawks
i need to start that with my hubby.
Yes well that's the best team
I will give you that.
That's right! He was pretty good I think.
I am nostalgic for the Buddy Ryan years.
How can you say that? He is not even the best quarterback
Kirk Cousins has that video where he's yelling, "You like that!" and now it's like his catchphrase
That's ridiculous! There is no way he is better than Eli Manning.
Who scored first?
Well that totally reminds me that he was involved with BALCO labs and the whole scandal.
What do you mean
No he used modern technology... instead of taking notes he videoed their practice.
i would like to see them go against the Bears in the Superbowl.
I could not agree more. Staying healthy is completely the name of the game.
Yeah. Phil Dawson missed it.
They have a lot of good pieces but i dont know if they can get more than 4 wins this year.
Have you been to a game yet?
That sounds good
Will their defense better?
Yeah, I was thinking him and Jim Mora.
It's not his fault that his defense always gets injured.
I think he will end up with even more yardage
I think they will do alright this season.
You never know!
Yea, he was fired rather quickly I thought. Although Dirk Koetter seems to have been a great replacement.
Do you remember when he was out for the year from the Colts with neck surgery?
You're forgetting about the Steelers of the 70s.
He's one of the very rare HoF kickers.
Glad to meet a diehard fan
I am an Oakland Raiders Fan!
Their defense is usually pretty tough too.
The way I see it, if the NFL can afford to pay them their salaries they should do it. They makes so much money because the fans continue to pay to watch the sport.
Should have kept his mouth shut instead of complaining to the media.
All NFL teams have to deal with injuries, unfortunately.
Who do you like
Yes, he has lost weight and is healthy
You're kidding me right now?
Yea and the Bills will function like an actual football team with a new head coach im thinking!
Did you get many autographs?
Oh for sure, but it's just child play for them now.
Me either, I am just tired of seeing them in the Super Bowl all the time
Yeah, okay.  You're being such a homer.
Yes. Jacksonville seems to be there every year. Also, the start times are annoying.
Demarco Murray did pretty well.  I think he was third in rushing yards last season.
Who was in the halftime show?
I know,sometimes I can't figure them out.
Because he came with a second round draft pick. I read that the Browns wanted the second rounder and Osweiler was just thrown in as an extra.
Tom Brady is the best quarterback in the history of the NFL.
Yeah the Lions in 2008.
I guess Brady just really wanted it.
I guess you are right.
Absolutely.  Unless he gets hurt in training camp.
Not on the same level as Ezekiel.
He's young but he had some good moments.
No, playing one season too many and getting some horrific injury.
We will see, I think Brady has a shot.
I feel like some of the blame has to fall on the quarterback position as well.
They were good.
I'm a fan of the Rams, even though their history has been spotty.
How so?
He had a great arm
Maybe it was because they weren't very good.
Any of the following: Oklahoma City, Little Rock, Des Moines, or Santa Fe.
It seems that after winning the superbowl in 2003, they have not made plays until 2007.
True. I think he did nothing for Savage last year.
Marshawn Lynch worries me a little bit, but they ain't smart enough to feed him once we get the lead.
It's hard to say with all the controversy surrounding him.
Yeah so you are put at a disadvantage.
How long as their current coach been in Chicago.
Whoever you want to see?
I don't know.  Sometimes even the best teams never make it back.
Well he's in charge, right?
Yeah. Cousin has to prove he deserves that money.
Glennon's not that good.
I could see them doing well. They signed Alshon Jeffrey from the Bears this off season. He had 80 catches for Chicago recently.
If the line can keep the pocket clean for five seconds, Ryan will find someone open. They have so many good pass catching options.
3-0 in the first quarter.
wow amazing!
I like the rookie Fournette, and I think Bortles takes a big leap forward
Yeah, maybe they will get one someday.
It's the most original concept in the league!
Tom Brady as usual, maybe Eli Manning?
Remember the Patriots game?
I think the Cowboys.
The team that probably should have been the greatest was the New England team that went undefeated until the Super Bowl.
Do you think Sherman is the most important player that they have on defense?
Yes
Yeah, his family was all kickers like in football and soccer.
They've also had a great drafts both this year and last year.
It all came down to a stadium issue there.
I hope the professionals keep promoting to stay clean.
Yeah, hopefully that helps Rivers stay healthy and on his feet.  Who do you think is going to win the Superbowl this year?
oh yeah.
Well beyond putting more work in the offseason he should not overthink his stats.
Why are you so sure of that?
Yeah, he obviously isn't the same player he used to be.
haha, yeah, maybe. Brady is unstoppable.
Nope, statistics show that the kickers aren't affected.
I do remember that. He got fined for that.
True. I think they will have a good season.
I know a lot of people who just quit watching
.That seems a little ridiculous.
That's a tough call but I'm going to say the Cowboys.
What sorts of things do you do?
Is it?
Do you think he will be back to his old self?
I don't know.  It really bothered me at the time.
August 26.
New York is supposed to have a good offense They cant catch or protect their quarter back
The steelers
It doesn't air. At all.
Yeah, he takes his nephew and the neighbor kid along so they can see their favorite players.
You can't honestly consider Flacco elite.
Yes, you have to be tough too.
You like it better than the Cowboys?
Man, they love waving those things.
I think they have a good fan base though
You mean besides Ciara? I bet the Seahawks sign Colin Kaepernick.
Of course, so once they merged under the same rules, the raids stopped, they still traded players, of course.
I never did either.
Want to make a bet?
You cheer for a dandy Don?
Probably like eight or so of us depending.
What happened to him?
Not in person but love to watch on TV.
You mean the Tennessee Titans?
And my family always makes too much food
I don't know--are you intimidated by a team of Saints?
I really like Denver this year.
Yes, they lost a draft pick.
As long as Aaron Rodgers is there they have a shot at it.
It shouldn't take him more than two seasons to hit the finals.
yes! hes awesome.
You have to do so much to get there then it all comes down to one game.
I doubt that.
Mike Glennon in Chicago.
What was the halftime score?
I can't disagree with that.
At the end of the first round I think.
It has to be the Steelers. Big Ben is getting old and he needs another ring before turning it in.
How many Super Bowls have they won?
There hasnt been a whole lot of great ones.
Football players don't always get the credit they deserve.
What happened to it?
Beast Mode! I think that it will be cool although I do not think that it will be the same.
The decline happens fast though.  Look at Peyton Manning.
You don't have to be from a particular state to like their football team.
I agree but it is very hard being a fan and witnessing all of these close games.
He has been working in the preseason workouts.
Weird.
You have to put them away.
My favorite memoribilia is my signed Ron Jaworski jersey.
He was playing durning the time of the Steel curtain.
Yes, Houston and Indianapolis should be better, and even the Jaguars.
That is the west coast in you brother!
I think Tim Tee-bow will do good this year.
Because they're the falcons
Somewhere in the SEC i think.
I don't know, I was surprised they dropped off so much after a 15-1 regular season where they went to the Superbowl.
The Miami Dolphins are interesting too however.
Jim Kelly
Haha, he is always the one people make fun of, but no one can do their jobs.
Besides Rodgers, they have great receivers and their defense is underated.
All I know is Spanos is a ahole!
And we both like the teams where we live also.  I'd love to see them both in the Super Bowl.
This is true.
Yeah, Mccoy carries the offensive load. If he gets hurt the season is done.
Easy. Peyton Manning. The 50th superbowl last year. He was 39
So you saying their going to release some players and rebuild the defense?
I love NFL football but ticket prices are insane.
Doesnt he already?
Everything about them was.
Yeah, we made the Super Bowl in 2004, but lost.
Yeah, same with Rothlesburger.
I agree he is the ultimate wildcard on that team. Have you seen him training on the beach?
You would think that but he didn't.
They said 11 out of 12 balls were underinflated.  They added air to the balls.
Yea, the Steelers are still contenders, aren't they?
Not really; I thought he should have done a lot better than what he did.
Dude, he didn't show any signs of slippage last year. He's playing like he's 30
Exactly.  I thought he was supposed to be cerebral and smart.
Then they go to New England.
As long as their offense steps up a bit I think they win the division.
Thank you very much.  I will tell her.
The Steelers play so dirty, I can't stand them either.... plus their coach is a smug asshole!
I DIN'T GET TO A PANTHERS GAME THIS YEAR.  I WATCHED MOST OF THEM ON TV.
WRONG. The Browns.
Thanks for that, haha.
That is a big thing, I would watch more sports if I didn't have to drive two cities away.
I think he is a great quarterback.
I think Brady might be more clutch
It seems like as much gripe as people make about it the NFL would have a better system to ensure fair games.
TY Hilton is my favorite.
Yeah, the viewers were outraged when they found out that they had missed such a spectacular ending.
Does that one guy who everyone hates still own the team?
That doesn't matter when you throw 40 touchdowns in a season.
It's my football outfit.
He is, but his arm is incredible.
Colts have a very devoted fan base.
Yes, he played for us years ago and now we've got him back.
Yes he did.  Who did the Falcons hire to replace Shanahan?
Has always been the Bears but, the Vikings are moving up.
I think both of them will be improved.
And we found that out through multiple head coaches
And they keep trying to say that we cheat
Ok, assuming that they play in the Wild Card game, that only makes 20 games.
I am hoping he can.
I am unsure if I have heard of him.
Hey, remember! We are only supposed to talk about pro football. What do you think of the Giants chances in the NFC East?
He's young, so I'm sure he will.
I just cannot believe Kearse's catch.
Any how old is he now?
I'm glad he recovered.
Yeah it is
I would for a couple of reasons actually. The first being his uncanny composure when he is on the field.
No, he won 2.
No, but my brother did.
People say Titans, but will see. I love Mariota so seeing him get one of the best WR is a good thing.
That was it?
I agree it comes down to those three for at least the time I have been alive.
I also like Zeke with cowboys
We lost but we had a chance with a hail marry at the end of the game.
That may have something to do with it.  I have some other ideas.
lol. the raiders are my surprise pick for the super bowl
I think it's actually gonna be surprising this year. I can totally see the Raiders going to the Super Bowl.
Yea. Let me know which games you want to go to and I'll hook you up.
Yeah thats what you have to hope - that he can produce like he did this year.
I agree.  I liked him, but I was never a real fan of Michael Irvin or Deon Sanders.
He doesn't look good.
I think that besides the Raiders really have a chance next year.
But the game is great too
Yeah I think they will be right there again at the end.  It should be an exciting season!  What other team are you expecting big things from?
But they came back.
I would have to say supreme.
Because you have to be a good QB, and happened to be drafted by superbowl winning caliber team.
No I dont think he would be around.
No.
Yeah, they deserve it
Thats a rough time to fire a coach.
Plus Brady did it with different talent around him all the time
I know,why I don't know though.
The ownership--who gets rid of Jim Harbaugh?
How about this; in '96, the Cleveland Browns moved to Baltimore to become the Baltimore Ravens.
Yeah, who knows.
Both are superstars.
Of course, they are good every season.
No doubt, without him none of this would have happened.
I'm pretty partial to the Green Bay Packers.
1988
Huh
I don't agree with that. He's overpaid, but so are most quarterbacks.
They still have a long way to go on defense, but I'm happy with the progress.
Bellichek is a football genius.
You just never know week to week.
You have lost your mind. The packers will dominate the NFC north
Definitely. I don't know how many more years he is going to play.
Yeah, If I ever hear anybody say "Johnny Football" I'll punch em.
Yeah, I have no desire to go to Oakland at all but I will definitely go to Vegas to see a good game and gamble.
yeah i want to see it specially Anthony Steen
he has to fit in with the Eagles' coaching and team, once he gets acclimated he will be good.
They always mess things up?
Thats great
Yes. And my cousin Jimmy had first go at the tickets this year.
It certainly won't be the same without Manning but he should have retired a few seasons back don't you think.
Yeah, I hope those new draft picks on defense pan out.
Leonard Fournette?
They get the stuff they need on their cell phones
Oh My GOD! Payton Manning!  Do you remember that 100 yard pass?
Uh huh. I still can't believe how the defense blew that lead in the Super Bowl.
Winning if you can believe that.
My dad and i love the cowboys
Yes.
He's up there
You'd think he would have learned his lesson by now, but there he goes poking guys in the eye
Terry Bradshaw was a great quarterback for them.
I dunno, he's fresh to the scene
The fans are really getting screwed there!
I think he'll be just fine. Still can't believe we lost him!
Greatest QB ever.
I don't see the two in LA as a feasible thing forever. I don't like that and I'm sure they don't either.
Do you think he should still continue playing?
Kind of early, but he was having a lot of trouble with his knees.
another quarterback to watch based on his 2016 performance is Derek Carr
How do you think they got so so good?
same here I'll soon be putting my fantasy team together
Kurt Warner and Craig Morton. Morton didn't win any, while Warner won 1.
True, and unless Rick Wagner has a great season, that too is questionable.
These guys knew the play before it happened?
As much as I hate to say it, don't sleep on the Giants.
I don't know, probably the Giants. They still have Odell Beckham and he can win a game or two just by himself.
I could give you some advice?
Yes, that is why I mentioned it.
Because of his troubles?
If we are talking stats we can go far back, my dad still thinks Joe Montana is the best.
Guess we will be the Ain'ts again this year.
He was explaining that he was on painkillers for a long time and that he was having issues waking up.
Me too
Brees throws for 500 yards and 4 touchdowns and still loses.
I agree he is not as good as he used to be.
Nothing but more pain as a Jets fan.
How more years do think Drew Brees has left?
Thats for sure - I still watch though and hope and watch Patriots games too since I live up near Boston now
Oh my God, Wilbur Marshall was a beast.
Probably. But do you actually see the NFL cutting down on commercials?
A shame, but I can understand why it happened.
Oh, who do you like?
Spencer Ware is going to break out and Nick Foles gets better every year.
I think it wasn't as hard of a choice as the media made it out to be. A household name, Manning, versus a guy who nobody heard of till his final year of college football.
Well, between the whole Romo disaster and all, i did not expect them to get far in the playoffs.
They should look at all possibilities!
Well he likes it , right
What about you? Who is your favorite player to watch?
Take out your phone and Google Fran Tarkenton/Vikings/1970s and see what I mean.
If they don't, it could be his last season with the Redskins, and we need him a lot!
okay I can see where you are coming from but that guy is a jerk
Oh, no, you're right about that. It's just that they have always been a real "leadership-needy" kind of team to me, and if a lot of that leadership comes from Ben, and he is starting to slow down, that could not be good news.
Do you like the Chargers new coach?
Oh, that's right! Las Vegas!
Yea, it was too bad that they couldn't build on that success.
But I think the dust needs to settle a bit before anyone makes that proclamation.
Everyone, including me. What could have been.
How many regular season games are there?
Well, I'm thinking 10-6.
My fun started when the Bills made it to the playoffs, and played Houston in the first round. If you weren't a Cowboys fan, then you were an OIlers fan.
Rodgers was good, but was buttressed by a potent Green Bay offense. J.J. Watt was the only good defensive player on Houston that season.
I would say 1,000 yards rushing and 15 touchdowns.
No doubt. Others may have had better stats, like Peyton Manning, but give me Brady in a big game.
Yup!  I have a signed one back home too!
Defense is a bigger concern.
I love Matthew Stafford and some of our other pieces. I am just hoping they come together the right way.
Have you been to the Super Bowl?
No, actually, both those teams started in Chicago.
They don't use him much because he isn't a big guy.
In a sense. Football is like a war, breaking enemy lines. It's pretty complicated and there are so many stratgies.
No it doesn't. Anything that provides a quatifiable information doesn't suck
"What do the Colts have to do to beat the Patriots today?"
A really serious fan
They had an awesome team last year.
Good call there should be some exciting games.
And Burfict and Jones miss a few games a year because of this malfeasance or that.
They last won the 2008 Super Bowl - that was a great year.
Yellow and green
He was such a great leader for so many years for our team.
I plan to attend a couple Cowboy games when they play away, which puts them closer to us.
Man, that's Jacksonville stats.
He has a lot of pain issues now and has to do some special procedure to control pain.
On the flip side, you also have to think that he's going to figure things out better in his second year as the starting quarterback.
No, generalize a type of individual.
They stink.
Easy, the Cowboys and maybe the best team overall.
Oh thats horrible, did they do it for real?
It was a really good game
Really, but wasn't that the season they came back and won the Superbowl ....again?
Okay, but what about them?
No kidding, he's really running up the numbers playing for Tampa.
Nah, we can keep it civil.
Maybe a hyperbaric chamber?
True, I think Chip Kelly really screwed up the Eagles in so many ways- it may take another year to get it back to form.
I agree! He is way too good to be off the field.
Who are they beating
Rodgers is the best and you know it.
That was 40 years ago!
Me too.  I love that color blue.
Same here.
Only in their heads.
Suprise of the season.
So they should be over by 7, 7:30 at the latest.
I didn't forget him.  He's a beast.
I think they had their time and it's someone else's turn now.
I think it was staged.
Yeah, I think they meant to address that in free agency and the draft this year though.
He still has Davnte Adams who had a great year last year. So I would say so.
Too bad they can't schedule Utah St.
Is he a legend?
So what chance do you think the Seahawks have this year?
Yeah but then they disappear like that
I was a kid actor and did some side work, he had a show called 'Home Team' and I was a guest.
How much are the tickets?
That was really respectable of him. Payton did not want to take anything away from the team.
The Cowboys might also make some noise this year, They looked good last year, and this year should be better.
And John Madden getting excited over a lineman's block.
He's a load to bring down.  I think they are worried about injury though.
On that note, did you hear the Bills picked up Nathan Peterman?
Yeah, I hope he gets alot of playing time.
A legendary game for sure
What were his stats like?
The best news we would ever get as fans is if Dan Snyder sells the team.
I know. Some of the games were pitiful last year.
I feel like one day they'll get it together and win a Superbowl.
Probably New England again. How about you?
Me too
That would be nice to see them make it this year.
Yea, thats what the guy seems to do. He just got gradually worse.
Alright awesome, we're going to kill the Jets.
Playing on a bad line didn't help him out.
Nothing is impossible, they just signed Sean Renfree as their quarterback.
I think that they have to try out for starter position.
I mostly just enjoy the season.  I used to know those things when Dallas was at Valley Ranch in the old days.
America's team huh? They are really back in contention now.
What about the patriots or falcons?
I don't see much success from this team.
Malcolm Butler and Stephon Gilmore together sounds pretty intimidating.
I wonder who some of the best downhill running backs in the NFL are.
Cleveland Browns, like every year
Hey are the Patriots even playing Jets in New York this year or only in Foxoboro?
Wasn't that the game with the infamous Janet Jackson happening?
Their receivers were amazing that year
I thought this was going to be better, not worse
Yep.  The sad thing is, they're eventually going to be moving to Vegas, so he won't even be playing in Oakland.
Every game that I go to we always tailgate.
Yes it does.
I'm sure you're aware of the old saying that offense sells tickets and defense wins championships.
Yeah, he's pretty great.
That would be called targeting, and the player would then be automatically ejected.
And you can't forget about Kelvin Benjamin.
Alex Smith is decent, but he's not a game changer.
I miss the old orange crush uniforms.
That's tough! Bridgewater or Bradford? Two qbs equals no qbs.
Who do you like?
There are others. Cameron Brate, TE for the buccs. He'll be a good target for Winston.
Oh?  and I assume you're a Pats fan?
Yea, he was great for them just like he has been for us.
It would give them a great home advantage like Minnesota has for weather though.
It hasn't been long.
They're basically playing at 8am, which is ridiculous for eastern teams, but 5am for those on the west coast!
They do and Matt Ryan is coming off a great season.
Without Aaron Rodgers, the Packers would probably be average at best
I was a little sick watching their lead evaporate, and i'm not even a fan
Apparently not. Rehab maybe?
People pay good money for those, so they wuld be upset if they were misled about them.
Never say never. I train real hard at the gym but I think that ship has sailed.
True, most of the other quarterbacks never had to deal with constant turn over of players.
I think they win too much as it is.
In 1932, the championship was played indoors.
Tony Banks, I believe. He was atrocious as well.
Especially since they are getting a new starting QB
He wasn't awful, but definitely not worth writing home about.
With the right mentoring and attitude he'll go far.
My second and third players would be Julio Jones and Von Miller.
Who is your time?
Well, you wouldn't have known if he was coaching the Browns, since you don't live in Cleveland.
My favorite quarterback never gets hurt so I am not worried.
Yea well being tough gives a bunch of guys fatal concussions before the age of 50.
Let's go Buffalo!
The Pats until Brady retires.
Who are some of your favorite players from the past?
Certainly the Bills coming back from 35-3 down in the 3rd quarter in 1993.
Do you mean cheeseheads?
Hey, I like the Vikings too
we've had good ones
Oh sure. I may be a little ancient with my statement.
Not like this!  The intended receiver missed the ball, and it bounced off the defensive guy, only to be scooped up by the Stealer's fullback, Franco Harris, just before the ball hit the turf.
They usually have some good divisional games likes Dalls versus Washington.
Oh no.
I really don't know who's going to be on their level.
It's just so touristy, I don't see how they can consistently pull in a fanbase.
I think if that was the case, you would only see a few NFL football teams in a few cities. There aren't that many people willing to spend that much.
I can't wait, do you want to watch at my place, just got a new 4k TV, the picture is crystal.
at least throw it to the outside
I don't either. Unfortunately they're the top ranked team still in the power rankings.
I am sure
Have you seen the arms of Aaron Rodger?
Back problems can be scary. Even normal people can end up sidelined from work from them.
Whose your favorite?
What makes him so great?
hm.
Well, I can't argue with that logic.
I agree. They play a very important role.
They could start out 5-0.
No chance
I've heard Chargers season tickets are already sold out.
You will be surprised. They made some necessary signings.
I actually did. It wasn't intimidating at all and he winked, but it was detailed and unique and separated itself in that category.
No way he's too old and he hasn't played in years.
They have Brandon Tate and they just drafted Zay Jones, hopefully they can be productive.
Plus, that would then make team quality go down overall.
Well, the last team he was with was the Dallas Cowboys.
So did you have a Superbowl party or go to one last season?
I know it but the lions are my home team, what can I say Im loyal!
Anyone can score if they are wide open.
Yeah, I heard about that. One of Mike Ditka's biggest regrets.
Marlin Briscoe for the Broncos in 1968. he wasn't very good, and turned receiverer after sometime.
I hear you.  You get tired of hearing about the Patriots and Brady all the time.
I grew up closer to Chicago. I was raised a Bears fan.
That is true, I feel that it is the most important unit that there is in football.
I try to do the same, but too many people want him for their team. I like Carr and Roethlisberger too.
He's showing no signs of it.
I think he is the best player in the league right now.
#3 would be the Falcons, offensively dominant team. Julio, Ryan, great backfield.
I recognize then. But, I think the Stellers are better
Yeah, but here's the other thing. The male kickers can kick it farther.
We will see - I love Rogers.
I remember that game, the Buffalo Bills went to four straight Super Bowls. They never could win one though.
How was the Rays seating?
I loved him.
No doubt. I think if there wasn't a cap, teams like the Cowboys would probably be worth billions more than they already are worth.
But it was still an unfair advantage!
I'm rooting for Washington, I want to see Cousins throw for 5,000 yards.
that's it it? who were the teams that went
Lose and you go home.
Well, Minnesota fans kind of suck anyway so I fit right in.
Yep and there are experts in NFL who specialize in Kinesiology
I thought Atlanta had this Super Bowl locked up.
I see. Who is their head coach?
I still don't agree, but what are the chances this is even going to happen?
Yeah it looks really nice! And they have the lowest beer prices in the country which is awesome.
Oh my gosh, please never speak of that again.
What happened in the second quarter?
How so?
That's right!
I really like the Indianapolis Colts.
I agree. That is for patching specific needs.
I was pretty certain too that Atlanta was going to win but then Brady woke up in the 3rd quarter.
Answer.sentence13
That's a good idea. He has all kinds of Cowboys memorabilia.
Yeah, that's what i was thinking.  Did you remember any other picks you got?
Some people would beg to differ.
I miss the Hawks being in the AFC.
What about that Seahawk game?  Did they rise to the top when they were up by 9 with 4 minutes left?
That is too bad.
I dont know about that, he had a good run.
Well if the team with the ball doesn't advance it 10 yards in 3 tries they can either punt it to the other team or try again to get the needed yardage.
I think that they drafted McCaffrey to put Cam Newton in better positions so that he won't run the ball as much.
Oh for sure man. It will be weird seeing him playing for the Raiders though.
True that Atlanta coach is probably still fuming.
I know.  I felt bad for him the year he played injured for the whole playoffs only to be let down
Not really, I always seem to be working whenever any are on.
I think the Chiefs are going to be better this year.  They haven't lost anyone major.
The Pats cut it to 28-21, Brady to the Gronk.
Wasn't freeman whining this offseason?
He also said he has an unusual approach and method of exercise.
Do you remember what his thoughts were on that game?
Do you like their quarterback?
Maybe it has to do with the coach.
I totally agree that Cleveland isn't a model franchise, but Kizer will be stepping into an offense with a decent running game and a good offensive line. Give him a chance.
But when he is in they always go.
I really want to see the Steelers Patriots game.
Yea, he did not quite seem like himself last year for whatever reason.
Do you watch a lot of games each week.
I'm from Seattle, so it's a hometown pride sort of thing.
But you gotta support the home team.
Ha, that's actually mean but kind of true.
Who else do you think deserves recognition as a head coach?
I think the smart choice is the Patriots, but I think the Falcons will come back hungry and with a huge chip on their shoulder.  I also like the Seahawks to have a strong season.
True, their defense might even be ahead of the Broncos.
They just keep switching coaches and hoping that the next one will do a better job
He's not as cocky as some others, but I still despise him.
Well some players need more time to be ready.
Is the team more important than the location?
I know. Some people just totally get into it/
I don't think he'll heal as quickly.
His arm was so scary last year. He was throwing rockets.
They're in the same conference, so they wouldn't be in the championship.
Me too. Do you think you will get to any games?
It would probably mean more games overseas like they do now.
Do you have a favorite team?
Falcons, Broncos?
I don't buy that.
I wonder what stadium they will play in.
Richard Sherman is still a shutdown corner.
There's only been one other wife who was a presenter, so it's pretty awesome for the wives too.
That's all you can be with a team like that!
He has the right to feel how he feels though.
So who do you think will end up in the Super Bowl this year?
No prob
He has a forty million dollar deal on his plate he should do well.
Morten Andersen was a great kicker also. He was a left foot kicker.
And Brady claims he's going to play until he's 50.
What team would you want to beat the most?
They are from Green Bay right?
I bet the 49ers are going to be better this year than last.
Yeah, he works hard to stay at the top, but he's almost 40 years old.
Well, did they at least draft anybody to shore up the line for next season?
Do you even like football?
True, but now LA has their team back.
I don't think so.  The QB needed replaced
Don't be daft you love football, of course its about the game!
He's strong. The Dolphins training camp starts soon and I'm sure he'll be there.
So then one lucky cow might actually have its skin make it to the Superbowl?
Yea, I agree. They have some good receivers and playmakers, but he hasn't proven much yet.
Yeah, it kind of seems like the media is out to get them.
Well that I true
I agree  I dont think  Coach Belichik is hungry anymore either . He is hollywood now
I am a fan of Antonio Brown.
I think the press hounded him too much.
I kept cheering over and over.
That would be great.
I guess not.  Even if you have to laugh at yourself.
Same but you have to understand that game is steadily changing and has been for years now.
Oh that would be really good.
A lot of players deserve it but not all of them always reach that milestone.
That's true. This year he will get 23.9 million for the franchise tag and if they did it again next year it would be 34 million.
I don't like it when the NFL gets too political, it spoils the mood for me
I see. Who else had similar accomplishments?
Did they ever make it to the Super Bowl.
I think the whole world felt bad for the Falcons in the fourth quarter.
I didn't know that the Chargers were an LA team now.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
And protecting the quarterback.
The Gus Bradley firing was well overdue. However, Doug Marrone seems like a terrible head coach replacement given his mediocre record as the head coach for the Buffalo Bills.
Well that did not end how we though it would.
If any team could do it, it would be Penn State.
We will have to go together sometime.
What about his troubles on third down and in the red zone?
It does seem confusing. But really, soccer is playing with a ball with your foot, so it is more logical.
The panthers
Sounds good, one thing is certain we will be a lot better than the Jets.
Also these teams get alot of hype and publicity to sell tickets
I was about to turn off the game at halftime, I'm glad I didn't.
I have seen his stats so I can't argue there.
I think that was pure luck, no pun intended
Really?  I didn't see that, when did that happen?
I believe that's when the field goal banked in off the goal post.
Absolutely. Chiefs out West...
I feel bad for the Browns, they won't ever see a superbowl
They took a tight end in the first round. I didn't like the pick.
Yea but they did pick up Ramsey, I think he will be a solid player.
Yea, but that's not "our" kind of "football"
I know its stupid.
I dont care for Bill Belicheck the coach but i think Tom Bradys a very talented player.
Tom Brady is a pretty great player.
The model? No I didnt! What a small world. Do you have a favorite football player?
look who he is on
It definitely couldn't hurt.
That was a terrible game.
No way there is so much proof saying otherwise
I read somewhere that most of the other pro sports teams in Michigan aren't doing well.
But do you think the new coach will allow two consecutive losses?
What about Marvin?
I agree with that.
The rookies will help all the teams.
Think the Panthers can win the division?
I've heard of some players opening restaurants.
I see what you mean, they cant gel as a team.
Do they have some other good wide receivers?
You could make an argument that Case Keenum might be the best Air Raid QB in the NFL right now, honestly
These percentages are meaningless. Ravens won all their superbowls, but they've only went twice.
Yeah, it's one thing just to be a bad team but they always come so close to being great but always seem to fall short in the playoffs.
The NFL is a big boy league.  If you can take it like a man then you oughta quit.
Too bad Don Shula doesn't coach them anymore.
What teams are playing
Since i moved down from North Carolina, back in '99.
I understand it, but it's still surprising that it's now 3 teams. Especially because 2 are going to the same city.
What team do you think is going to be the biggest challenge in the division?
Pig...hog...same thing!
Wow i do remember hearing that one on the news the Ravens won by a hair.
Exactly
Yes, he does have quite the history, but he always bounces back strong.
Lets go look online for the NFL schedule.
Not really, but the kids can get autographs from some players.
He says Joe Montana, but he is a big San Francisco 49ers fan.
Who won that SuperBowl?
Nah. I mean football has a group of guys plowing through each other to get a ball to the other end of the court by almost any means necessary.
Is he still playing for them?
$150 each.
It is alright, I will just keep my jersey at home to remain neutral.
Of course it would be a problem with them. They want to make as much money without working more for it.
Tackles don't really need high IQs
That's a good point, since the NFL is a source of entertainment, and it should be entertaining
They put together a team they knew would be garbage.
I don't know. You still have the Packers, Steelers, and Niners if you're talking history.
Definitely. Last season was rough.
Just so sad that Marlon McCree single-handedly stopped Rivers from winning that ring.
I don't think so, I am so busy with work, are you going to go to any games this season.
So how could the Bengals change their future?
Yeah it's fun
well yeah, to drink and eat and the commercials.
The addition of Brandon Marshall will take coverage away from him and open up the field.
They should have ran the ball with Lynch.
The Cowboys haven't been good for years.
I like the dolphins.
Yeah he's in better shape than when he was in his twenties.
Yeah my heart really went out to him last year. That is one heck of a way to lose.
Yeah he has been a good Quarterback for them.
If you live in a particular place, you should support the local teams and organizations.
Dick Vermeil was a great coach.
Actually I can't believe they are going to bench Hackenberg.
And then you began to sob uncontrollably.
Maybe because his balls were deflated?
But lack of scoring isn't all the quarterback's fault, is it?
I like the Saints.
That's a pretty big gap between first and second.
oh no thats the side effect of not being able to throw this year since he blew his fingers of on a fourth of july party.
Think they stand a chance at winning?
Yea that could be a lot of teams this upcoming year.
Yeah, now there can be a 50 yard penalty on a long pass.  But how do you prevent a defender from tackling a receiver breaking free?
What about RG III?
Which one?
To blow a lead like that after three quarters is pretty bad.
No we didn't even make the playoffs last year - It was a down year for sure.
Are you sure no other team went undefeated?
Would you bet any money on the Eagles winning the Superbowl right now?
Well next but I am sure how they all do impacts that.
Oh wow, it's been awhile then.
It's the whole "12th Man" controversy.
Think any one can stand up to them in the AFC?
Man, that guy has some jets.
Who is that?
Since everything is discussed in the board room, the vision of the company is probably always prioritized.
Green Bay scored 13 and Oakland scored 7.
Excellent.  He did have several injuries he played through last year.
That's sad.
The game is about to come on! Are you going to watch?
Someone else would have appreciated the gig much more.
What about the Vikings?
For sure. That said, I hope the Falcons meet the Patriots again in the SuperBowl next year to get some revenge.
What other players do you like for Oakland?
Even if Gurley were to have a great season, which is not guaranteed, the Rams lack a solid wide receiver.
My Bears are strong too!
The Los Angeles Chargers? I thought that the Chargers were in San Diego.
How many Super Bowls has the team won?
Why are you so negative?
Yeah, I saw they took an entirely different approach.
I think the offense can carry the Cowboys to the Superbowl this year.
I am not sure just yet, he seems like a decent fit; but I thought the same about Kelly as well.
Just OK?
Really?
Who do you think has the best defense? I think the Cowboys have good defense
Hopefully Clowney can have another great season.
Okay, so who is your surprise team then?
Yeah.
They have a good defense, just need to make some play on the run and the throw.
So, what is the fallback if he doesn't pan out?
I agree! Now they just have to keep their guys healthy and win.
Oh yeah.
I understand that; but you can not let that undermine what a wonderful season that they had.
So how do you justify taking one in the top 5.
Do you think they might need a new quarterback?
Okay, so what RB would you take over him?
Yeah, and they used to play the game in mid-January.
I agree. He's probably the number one cornerback right now as far as I'm concerned.
Who is the current quarteback for Miami?
Does that affect his game?
Why!?  They're horrible!
Cool, it could make the game more fun.
Is there any reason besides that?
Yea, Russell Wilson could use all the help he could get.
Dak Prescott really had an amazing year out of nowhere last year for the Cowboys. And Dak is a great football name, too.
We can make a bet if you want to.
I doubt they will repeat.
Man, must hurt even more being Scott Norwood.
Harbaugh is a proven winner. Sure some people are hard to get along with but that is true of any business.
Le'Veon Bell is good when healthy but his physical playing style leaves him too susceptible to injury. My concerns with Antonio Brown tend to deal more with his off field maturity.
I hope that he does too! I am more of a Jets fan.
Hey buddy, nice cowboy hat, ready to rowdy up those fans?
I can't wait to see the match-up tonight between the Steelers and the Ravens.
I don't think they play them this year, because they are different divisions it only happens every 3-4 years.
I think they could also change the rules to help out the players.
I want to see those expensive suites,
Your boys?
Yeah he is getting old, but I think the one season break will have he refreshed and ready to go for this year.
I think he at least had knowledge that the balls were deflated during that game.
Oh I agree but they can't control that.
It depends on how well he plays this season. If he does well and is the number one pick, that would be hard to pass up.
Consequences.
It was a tough battle last time they were matched up.
You are funny, I'm talking about Young and Montana.
Have the Saints ever won the super bowl before?
Yea bro!  I got season tickets and everything!
Yeah, he's sketchy. So why America's team?
You do seems to know a lot of plays.
I think he's got a few more years left in him.
The cowboys could repeat if they could keep their team out of prison.
I just hope Dak Prescott is the real deal.
Yeah and Deshaun Watson is my favorite player.
Yeah, many think that the call was wrong and the Cardinals should have one.
Opposing teams are scared to pass against them.
Do you like him?
I wouldnt worry too much about Dallas this season, they are in disarray.
I am trying to win a season as the briwns
Yea, he better do that or their secondary is going to get torched.
That's true.  They are truly the underdogs and when they finally do win the super bowl, or even get to go, it's going to be epic.
I think they need more than him though. They didn't have a great season last year.
Do you think they can win with Kirk cousins at qb?
They went 8-7 and had one tie actually, which is pretty rare.
What? THe television is still broken?
Who did they play?
Apparently, the team thought a lot of other guys were better.
I don't really remember much about their defense last year.
He's young enough to bounce back on another team.
What do you think about Denver signing Jamaal Charles?
I wish Detroit would get it together, they have a decent QB
Yeah I'm guessing Sean Payton is going to use AP in a smiliar role to like what Darren Sproles was.
Superbowl was a cakewalk.
I am, Brady is older, Wilson isn't near the passer Rodgers is and Carr was lucky less season.
I don't know about that. What makes you think they will be better this next season?
Very true, and it's toward the end of the season too, when you need the most out of him.
I will agree with that.
Sounds like both our favorite retired players are having a great retirement. Are you excited for preseason to start?
You know how bad the browns are
Not only that, he is a vital QB on a team that really needs a ring.
Why?
The Steeler defense isn't bad and it got a whole lot better in the offseason..
Yea, having a good young quarterback goes a long way in this league.
So do you still watch occasionally then?
Not exactly household names.
Okay. How would you rate The Redskins quarterback Cousins?
That's a bummer
Yeah the Cowboys corners and safetys aren't looking that great. Which is scary considering everyone in the NFC East really upgraded their receiving corps this offseason.
I think you let them go in free agency
... Or the most hated...
Yes, Cam has something to prove, he is going to put up some numbers.
Do you always get those tickets for that game?
Do they start the season at home?
That's a tough division.
Well like I said, they killed it at the draft. I can't believe the Bears traded up for a pick that the niners weren't even going to make.
Who is your favorite player in the NFL?
Miami scored another touchdown, a one yard run by Kiick.
I agree. Evan Engram is good but he's just a tight end.
I agree back in the day when the Raiders were great - the rivalry couldn't get bigger than Broncos-Raiders.
Yeah its funny money you pay in free agency when you cant draft well.
How many times we've choked?
It would be awesome togo to the superbowl
Yes I do.   Do you think the NFL is more popular than ever?
Football is such a brutal sport, they should be able to withstand the weather.
He really is; I am very excited to watch him grow.
That's the problem with too many teams today - they have one star player instead of building a real team.
Well, I'll be happy as long as the Patriots don't win again, I really don't like their arrogance.
I did not use to like him; I have recently begun to respect him.
Yes, they had hit and miss success with the wildcat system.
Bears might be a little bit better. Didn't they just get a new quarterback.
I wouldnt hold my breathe.
Yeah, I have heard of them. Who is their biggest rival?
The Pats scored, but the Eagles tied it.
Have you seen them live in person?
Yeah, probably. Helped the Patriots win yet another Super Bowl.
It's really all about the money isn't it?
It's a shame what Al Davis did.
But he's experienced now and will adapt to the game.
But they have no defense.
Sorry to be a fan then
I guess all sports and activities can be dangerous.
Like what?
The run and shoot. That was totally a nineties thing.
I know. That arm is like a rocket. But he doesn't scramble like he used to.
They still doing extra point from 30 yards out this year?
Yea, he was amazing last year.
Oh wow, that's heartbreaking.
OK.     That leaves the Atlanta Falcons.
Yea he does.
How is there schedule this year?
Who else did they have?
Yeah they don't lead cheers, do they?
only if you are!
I agree. He was never going to get Dallas to a Super Bowl.
Ahh, the American dream. Get paid $10 million to play a game instead of a real job.
Hopefully whoever they choose does a good job.
Wow, i did not know that.
Because reasons
Would you let your kid play football?
Then give them two byes a year.
My daughter had already gone to bed, so I get it. It was an amazing Brady comeback.
I totally forgot about him. However, he went from Pro Bowl to back up in less than two seasons.
Scared?
What?!
Antonio brown is inhuman. The Steelers are going to be strong this year.
Oh, that cool. Too bad they suck.
He says he's clean now, and since recovery has changed his life, he thinks it would have that same positive effect on his football playing.
The Super Dome?
Yea, they really blew that one, didn't they?
Really? I think they have underperformed.
Oh? Who'd you follow?
But is was actually Tony Dungy's team that was put in place.
Yes, you get to see them again every year, all season.
I don't know either it's not like they haven't had success recently.
Exactly.  I wonder if they will have a little less fire now that they silenced the critics with a Superbowl win.
So they won the first two championship games ever?
Yup. I know a lot of people agree with you - probably in St. Louis, San Diego and Oakland.
I think his record is mixed on that front. Furthermore, I feel that his inability to control his emotions causes him to be a distraction, which hurts his team.
I didn't ask that bro, I asked if you wanted to see your bum Raiders get whooped?
Well that's because he's playing in the modern era
what is your favorite team i like the jets
Yep, I totally agree with you. I wonder what the Jets are going to do for a quarterback?
Thats what she says
No,but defense might be.
Guy was definitely honest. He was a good coach and will always be overshadowed by his rants.
Yes
I realy like TY Hilton
I never heard of him.
So they had a lot of long downs?
I definitely agree.
I don't know why the Texans didn't draft Manziel.
Weren't the Saints about to move cities a few years ago.
Him getting hurt was a killer for them.
Flutie wasn't bad either.
I love to see him do it and then slam the ball though.
The L.A. Coliseum.
They were so close to a Superbowl too, one of the best defensive teams during that span.
Yeah, he is the best WR. Who do you like to win it all?
I have to agree, put him on the Patriots and they win every year.
Yes, he was like a defensive back.
He is definitely one of the better backs in the league.
He's already extremely dangerous. he averaged 80 yards a game last year with about 4.4 yards per carry
What did you think of this years picks
You should join me, they are really fun.
I heard Davis scored 31 on Wonderlic test.
Which NFL team has the most Superbowl wins of all time?
What teams were in the Super Bowl last year?
Still, I would rather be in that position than not making the playoffs at all!
That's funny!  But we did get 5 Superbowl wins with them.
NFL needs a new team a fresh face to get up there.
Personally, I think sports are more exciting when athletes are using steroids. Look at the home run derby between McGuire and Sosa years ago.
Yeah, true.
If you pressure him he is like a deer in the headlights.
That is an incredible season!
Most definitely is for our boys
Good friends and good drinks
I wonder if we have heard the last of Kapernack and his refusing to stand for the national anthem.
Houston is an interesting team.  They have most of the parts
I wonder if New England has that problem at Foxborough.
I think it's absolutely ridiculous to give a player who's only succeeded against 18-22 year olds a massive contract to play against  seasoned veterans.
The Chiefs used to be the worst team in the NFL. Hands down the worst.
Ryan is the best quarterback in the NFC behind Brees and Rodgers.
Makes sense, kind of how the Broncos faded into obscurity when Peyton Manning left
Yeah that doesn't help your standing.
How did you do it?
Always brought problems with him though
Why do you say that?
Yes being double teamed every game makes it tough for sure
Watkins, thats why.
It follows a lot of true story NFL players that had mental problems or even ones who died from their head injuries.
I think the next couple of years will tell us a lot about Luck and how good he really is.
You can't bet against the Patriots, but I hope to see the Seattle Seahawks make a return.
The wide receivers should be much better this year and I think the defense will improve some.
Gillisee is a well rounded player, he can catch, he's big and he can block.
I think he wins the rookie of the year, has 1,500 combined yards and 10 tds.
We went to the same university and I respect his work
Superbowl team?
Except when they're playing the Seahawks.
Dallas, 13-6.
Yes they did
But both teams have been in it before.
No, the Cleveland Browns.
9 and 7 might win that division.
The Saints really cheated.
Who are now the Las Vegas Raiders.
Wow. When did that happen?
Yeah, and you have Beast Mode in the backfield. Ridiculous.
I really hope we do.
The Steelers always so good though.
You could go to an exhibition game--a lot of season ticketholders will give those games away.
Yea, that or the Patriots just took over.
I would say I', guilty of that fact.
Their record last season improved when Tony got injured and stayed out for so long and...
We will just have to watch him play with Tennessee Titans and see how he does.
They drafted Watt's little brother and Cameron Sutton, a cornerback from Tennessee. They will be a lot better right there.
I saw that too.  I forget who.
You are probably right about that actually. I would love just to get to the playoffs for now!
Then he could go crazy because he did not get a lot of targets last year, and still had some of the best highlights in the game.
Well that's kind of immoral.
Was it about money?
Yeah, but their defense this year is AMAZING
Or the GMs who have left
I hope Cam Newton does better.
Agreed, killer instinct like the Patriots have.
I completely forgot
No, Brady's team has done multiple Super Bowls. What are Brady's acomplishments as a player?
Probably really good shape.
New England got pretty lucky last year.
Seattle still has one of the best front offices with John Schneider as GM. This is the guy who picked Russell Wilson, Richard Sherman, and Kam Chancellor in the later rounds of the draft after all.
That's the best place to sit.
Oh no, that's horrible! What happened?
You really don't like them
Having buyers remorse?
I guess we'll find out tomorrow.
So you think it hurt the NFL for him to kneel?
Well, maybe he can turn the team around.
But where was your brother while you were crawling through the hallway?
Oh, but they are, much more annoying.
One of the tight ends for the Giants. I forgot his name.
HA, i dont see that happening but thats the same problem the bucs have, good QB bad recievers.
Really
Isn't it the smallest?
They are alright
They hired Sean McDermott right?
I hope he does especially if he gets traded to a team in need of a Quarterback.
No doubt he's good, but not #1.
I havent, its too pricey for me
Wide receiver. Now that's a good hint, since there wasn't a lot of those on the top of the list.
Yeah, Texas A&M.
Neil O'Donnell years were fun too.
They were actually leading by twenty five points in the third quarter!
I guess the question is how do kickers and punters DO make it with breezes and air flow.
Really?  The guy is getting old.
It's where you create your own NFL team and stuff
Soldier Field does have so much history. Lambeau Field even more.
You don't think he plays well?
Yeah - they had a decent season with a 12-4 record.
how so
Why did you need tickets for, you worked the game?
No problem!
Well my favorite team is the Cowboys. Dallas Cowboys that is
Well, there are the good ones though
Oh Yeah! The cowboys are terrible but they used to be a great team. Do you think?
Lets hope. Are you planning on going to any games this year?
Nah
to many good players taking their lifes
I dont know about that..
I wouldn't mind the pick as much if the Bears hadn't just signed Mike Glennon to a huge contract to the quarterback for 2017.
You do? That is more than me.
JJ Watt.
I was never a fan of kickoffs being done so far into the field. It pretty much eliminates most returns.
They are in decline.
Yeah he gives all hsi balls to the kids.
Well at least they have a good young core.
Probably a mix of his ungodly talent versus low expectations, and all the cheating accusations over the years
Yeah I agree with that point
Damien Williams and Kenyon Drake?
Ej's not evne that bad. Six years with the Bills is more of a punishment.
Ok I totally forgot he was on the Jetd and the Vikings.
True. Arizona running backs are usually fantasy busts.
Plus they let a lot of free agents just show up and play.
Houston has a great defense and just neede and experience QB.
Yet Dak is a great quarterback and everyone makes mistakes.
I could see that. They definitely have a good balance on offense and defense.
I am sure the linemen will realize that and try their best.
Same day tickets? That's a thing of the past.
I think most real fans are that way
Hey i heard that Ben Rothensberger had lost several fingers in a fourth of July fireworks accident.
Maybe. But at least they need to develop a better strategy
Do you think Peyton needed more help in Indianapolis?
He was pretty good. I think he was with the Giants when they won the Super Bowl in 2011.
At the time he could be infuriating but it was always interesting.
Yes he is
Cousins is pretty popular as a nice guy and all around good player
Eli Manning has led the league in interceptions on numerous occasions. Although he's a two-time Super Bowl MVP, both were very fluky.
KC, with a 48 yard field goal.
Really?  I didn't know that.
Uh what else
That's cheating!
Bears just not the same team they used to be.
Do you think Ben will stay healthy this year?
I remember that game. it sucked.
Will the dolphins be able to upset the Patriots this year?
No not yet.
It was delicious
It is really a matter of just wait and see.
I don't know if that might have been because they coached when we were growing up though.
According to his defenders, it's never his fault. There have been numerous reports from his teammates that he can be difficult to work with, which can be detrimental to the team.
Its interesting but I cant see Ryan throwing for 5000 yards ever.
Yea I just wonder if he's still got it.
It's been over a decade since they were in the playoffs.
How do you feel about the quarterback position?
That was the same year his brother Eli won the superbowl right?
I'm too young to remember.
Your favorite team relocates with a division rival. Are you still a fan?
Likewise
I think the Raiders are really up and coming.
Speaking of defense I wish there was more in the NFL.
I just think the money should rather go back to the fans. Football tickets these days are ridiculous.
I hear rumors that Cleveland wants to trade New England for Jimmy Garoppolo.
Yes, and luck plays a pretty big factor in team success.
Panthers
He played hurt last year
No, I'm not, it's the most money per year ever.
I'm excited to watch Taylor this year.
Yeah, a couple years I got a number of pages full of autographs of some of the great Vikings like Alan page and Carl Eller
These guys are getting older, and the younger teams seem to be really hungry.
Me too, I also hate seeing the Cowboys and Greenbay every Sunday on TV
Look at what Cousins did last year with nothing.
9 A.M. starts are certainly annoying.
What about their receivers?
The Florida A&M University Band.
I like John fox as a head coach though.
Yes but why would they want to keep him.
How do you like the Redskins chances this year?
Oh yeah! But they turn around now.
Yeah. I'm not a huge fan of Brady, but credit where credit it due. That guy is insane.
I know I am right!
We don't want anyone getting hurt before the season starts.
Put Dak with any team, he has a better record than Wentz.
We'll see how he does this year.
Oh yeah I can see that, him at age 45 getting flattened by some linebacker and breaking everything.
Brady has won it too many times!
I am not sure about that, Andy Dalton is actually pretty good.
I think they can get to the Superbowl again.
Yeah, Sean McVay has his work cut out for him.
The deflated ball incident?
He definitely did
Maybe. But you would think, if there was a strong need for football, the fans would support a new team there regardless.
Why those?
Don't underestimate the team though; they have a lot of new players.
Yes, when a coach gets a 40 million dollar contract, he better help the QB get the ball to the end zone.
We play them in prime time right?
Changing his stance on the National Anthem thing made him look flakely.
Exactly and players wont want to live that far overseas
He started in 2011.
Yes exactly
All right, then.  Who do you see in the Super Bowl this year if not the Falcons?
Kind of...
I like him. I really do. I just aint convinced he's a leader.
Agreed, but Chicago is dumb enough to pay him $15 million a year to sit on the bench.
I just don't see the Eagles doing much. They lost their two starting cornerbacks to free agency and I think they'll start two rookies.
Yeah, teams can't double Julio every play or the other receivers will burn them one on one.
14-3 Pats by the half.
Ii am not sure who Patriots coach is though.
Come one. Bortles has shown he is mediocre at best. I do like Fournette he was a beast at LSU
Adrian Peterson is gone but I think they are better off for it.
You call wearing fake cheese on your head original?
I think there's a lot of new blood this year a whole new game!
The Super Bowl?
They are always a run for the money.
Yeah, you could be right, but you can't be the greatest if you lose the Super Bowl.
I am not sure about that, Earl Thomas is pretty important himself.
I hope they get back to the Super Bowl
Right on.
It does seem like they're shaping up to be a powerhouse team.
It's hard for the small market teams in the NFL to compete financially.
Me too.
I have to take the Patriots on that one.
They both are good.
Yeah overthinking anything never ends well.
Same reason as you. They have good personnel and coaches.
Yeah, but he is still an effective run and pass blocker.
sure seems that way, that guy is a monster!
Don't they panic and re-think the kick and then mess up?
Guess the commissioner didn't like using the pile-on as a prop.
Who do you think will be the worst team in the league this year?
And now they are pushing to take down name of Confederate Generals in Florida streets
I am with you on that one. because it is left up to the referee's interpretation of what is too much
They sure looked great last year except for their defense is lacking.
Well, I like to wear a jersey.
Yeah
I'm not sure, he does not look fast in his training videos, he looks bigger, but he has always been big
I don't think they cheated.  Even if they did, it wasn't that bad.
You coming over for that one.
You just wish the Steelers could be like they were in the 70s and 80s
Oh, i like them too
What? That's not fair!
Are they big NFL fans?
How on earth is he not an eilte quarterback?
That's true. There are a lot of injuries.
Well in some ways yes.
They are everywhere too.  Can't watch a game on TV without seeing them.
Their games get very crazy
That would be mistake in my opinion. His choking against Seattle was a good part of the Seahawks success in the Super Bowl years.
I see. So the championbship between the leagues is basically what superbowl is?
Wasn't it Evan engram from Mississippi?
Yeah, I am down.
No, Dandy Don is the nickname for the announcer.
A good sized group
Injuries.  He was robbed of his speed when he blew out his knees.
I hope to get to that match-up this year.
Oh definitely man, I am from California but I always loved the McNair and George combination!
I know what you mean
I guess you wouldn't be too fearful of the Dolphins either.
I think Kansas City is a better team.
It seems like losing draft picks never hurts them.
He is a game changing type of player.
You are assuming they keep their head coach. Flacco has never taken to new leadership well.
didnt he transfer though.
It isn't fair in some ways.
They have done pretty well the past few years.
So you think Trubisky starts this year?
10-3 Dallas.
I loved him as Giants defensive coordinator under bill parcels.
Yeah, and if you remember, everyone hated the pick.
He has to stay healthy, though.
They have won 4 rings.
I like Polamalu will get in to and Ed Reed
Being an athlete takes a lot of mental stamina.
Once the Lions left Auburn Hills for Detroit, the Silverdome became a ghost town.
Have you seen his training footage?
Yeah, but he had neck surgery.
I think I like the Seahawks then.
I would still prefer that over a blowout.  Blowout's are boring.
Well, add the best defensive player in the league to the best defense.
Not so weird if it's consistent at rankign the individuals on certain traits liek reasoning, rationality, learnign ability etc.
New England didn't have Gronk either and still won.
Wow, how did you get that?
As far as now i like Ben Rothinsberger
Have you ever been to a Titans game?
It may be a bias, but still, most of the East just doesn't cut it.
Tee-bow really?
well true
Was it Arkansas?
Cam Newton must have been injured or something, I think they can get back on track.
I am not a big fan of anyone on that team but the coach has done good work in the past.
That's right. He was pretty good.
Did you know that the tight end is the worst paying position in the game.
I'm thinking the Giants will surprise this year.
All he wants to do is sell the team for more money
I feel the same - if the Broncos and Redskins were in the Super Bowl - I think I would try to get tickets and go.
I wish Boomer Esiason could come back and lead this team.
Injuries always seem to mess up a bunch of teams every year.
Who's the second oldest?
Maybe..either that our get rid of some of their coaches.
Yea but you can actually see the game better from your couch.
I think there have been a couple of players that have won 6 or 7
Their defense was atrocious too.
Who won that year?
Yeah hopefully he can stay healthy this year.
I have and have you ever tried beach football?
Lee is one heck of a player also.
Who won the game?
They sure are and they have a great time again.
He did take them to two straight AFC championship games in a row with Mark Sanchez.
I think Rodgers is the better bet at QB. He always is for fantasy purposes
He is, but it's not easy to learn a NFL playbook.
Oh boy,that's not a win.
The defense is solid, a lot just depends on how much the corners and secondary has improved.
What do you think about the new Seahawks' QB?
I'm Ben is pretty amazing. He plays hurt like it's his job
DO YOU FOLLOW ANY OTHERS TEAMS?
Huh. I didn't know that.
How do you think the Lions will do this year?
I wonder if we have the budget to recruit any amazing players?
Yeah, but he had a rough year.
Yeah, against everyone but the Giants
Well it looks like the Patriots are "set to win" the super bowl again this year, per predictions right now.
He is good.
I'll bet that never happened again!
Daniel Snyder? You bet, he's micromanaging the team into oblivion.
That is a good point.
Yeah, I could tell by the helmet you are wearing.
The Saints really like to pass a lot and are fun to watch.
So do the Seahawks, and they're playing the Packers.
Any other team  that you pull for?
They hired Steve Sarkisan.  He used to be the head coach at USC and he was the offensive coordinator there before that.
Do you have a favorite player from the Packer past?
The raiders were very good until the injuries.
Yeah so you see where I am going
Like with the deflated ball?
You forgot the Pro Bowl.
How are his other stats?
He is good.
It all depends if the receivers can play like they did last year....without all the drama!
The Hogs are leading the season.
I thought the ball had fallen to the ground.
A spry 48.
Deshawn Watson is itching to get on the field as well.
Lucky you
You can just tell he never panics. I will give you that one.
Hmmmm...but Brady has been in the league as a quarterback. Longer than anyone.
Was he any good?
I hink Patriots will improve and be even more dominant
That was it.  I knew nothing about the Colts or the Bills.
It's either Jaworski, Cunningham, or McNabb.
zeke is a beast. You know who else is a beast?
I thought the guy caught the ball.
What are your thoughts?
oh boy have a big hill to climb to beat the patriots.
Yeah, they were pretty good last year. And who knows what would have happened had Carr not gotten hurt.
Are you serious? I'd love to go to the home opener to watch them raise the banner
Well I hope I can get to the Dallas / Washington game this year. Tickets are going quick.
They were both such showboats.
They're putting him on the stretcher.
They are ok. The defense is looking better with Bruce Irvin and Karl Joseph.
I love watching the game
I think the Denver Broncos will have a bounce back season.  I like Trevor Siemian in year two and like a lot of their offseason moves.
It still looked bad at 28-12.
What does that have on it?
Oh, right, you sort fo have to be in the right place at the right time.
So he was a flash in the pan player?
You guessed it!  We would come back in the house all muddy and grass-stained, dripping wet, with mud on our shoes, pants, shirts...you name it!
What did you think of the draft?
Yeah but they need to see what he does when Wentz has weapons
TRUE
Because he has money.
Yeah, he took them to two conference championships and one Super Bowl.
That's pretty interesting. I actually know a similar fact.
I think I did hear that he said something like oh I blew that test off or something
I can't wait to see them play.
Tom Brady really is a mastermind.
Do you think Brady will play a lot longer?
Nice. Do you think they'll make the playoffs this year?
See what I mean?
Football
If he would just be postseason Joe all season long!
Do you think New England wins the AFC again.
He knows how to win that's for sure.
Yes that's true.
They might win a few games at lambeau because the rest of the league is not used to playing in ice.
Me either. I just kind of expect him to be here forever.
I know, that's to funny like nobody could see how that was going to play out.
Yes, I think that will attract as many people as the football itself.
yeah he is good in offensive moves
I completely agree, just better sooner than later.
Mess things up?  Like how?
It is
Did he like the game?
Maybe... but if it was me I would have wanted to stay in as long as possible. Enjoy it "just one more year" y'know?
Same here, I'm a niners fan.
Yeah. Where did he end up? He was a beast mode
They need to concentrate on Social media more.
111 yards!
One of the worst collapses in the history of sports.
Right on, continue.
Thats good
His run may be over soon.
Emmit Smith
Yeah what was that about?
He was, what year was he still playing?
Ah, well, i'll wish him luck.
Is just like how the rams fans were screwed.
They're saying Aaron Rodgers is the best QB in the NFL. Do you agree?
I didn't think so at one time, but I'm not sure I can argue otherwise.
But there are the two teams that play in "New York" - but actually play in New Jersey
Yeah, I think he's still their best choice at quarter back.
I can't imagine playing in the cold weather is very easy on somebody with bad knees.
he made the Raiders look really good last year. Their offense was pretty high power all things considered
Hard work and dedication.
yes me too, the only problem is when you have to cheer on players when they play the pats
They should keep track of all the players who do that, not just QBs. Like in a database.
Fine.      What about the kicking game then?
Yes.  That's how predictable he got.
Why you say that?
Giants always seem to be in the mix.
Okay. What've you got
Did he get in trouble?
No, I didn't mean discard him--I meant consider him.
Well the game has evolved, and arms nowadays are incomparable.
Don't give up hope, strange things happen.
Wow. That is kind of the nature of the game.
It makes everything better
Yea, it has been. They have made very little effort to improve that defense.
So theres a few teams that if they win one more Superbowl they will tie with the Steelers.
Who's going to be the quarterback this year?
Most likely 2 or 3 but who knows, he could get hurt before that.
Well you have one great team there as long as Brady and Bellichek are together!
Mike Singletary could hit too!
They're gonna have to unless they want people to stop tuning in.
Yeah, football is a brutal sport, especially in the NFL.
Pats fan all the way brotha!
Nick foles is garbage.
True. I think a lot of people believed they were equally talented.
That's true.
With a little luck and a healthy roster anything is possible.
Yea, but I don't.
That is a really tough question for me! I may have to say Ezekiel Elliot.
Wow, he looks like a 15 year old!
Oh no, so this could cost the Redskins a lot of money and a good player.
yeah I am doing this on gameplay only not on how they are as a person
Ok, I see your point there. I guess we will have to just wait and see if it actually is a problem on the field.
Yes, they needed a good change.
Would that be good for the team?
Well, when you go from a hall of fame quarterback to a scrub, stuff like that tends to happen.
Well, here's what I think would push him over the top: Super Bowl rings and the fact that he wasn't always surrounded by top-notch talent.
I wonder if Minnesota could have beaten Denver.
Their schedule says 12 games and 1 bye. All of them on are on TV.
Wow, that's all?
That's right! That was the year of The Comeback!
What about Brian Cushing and A.J. Bouye?
15 touchdowns? I think you're way over - I'm thinking 8 max.
Seeing the Pats make all these moves during the offseason makes me wonder if they're going all-in this season.
Yea I have a few signed as well
They arent the same since 2014 but I still like the talent.
I think Jim Caldwell knows what he is doing, so I am confident.
Yes I have been a few times.
What were their names in 1922?
He does really well when he is in though.
I guess I never really followed football that closely.
Quantify this
I'd say "They have to score more points."
Didnt they go to the Superbowl last year or was it year before last
I think they can maybe win it.
I wish they played East teams more often though.
Why can't the Bengals get that squashed?
Right - when they beat the Cardinals - that was a close game too.
Who is their best player?
Many people consider him to be one of the best linebackers of all time.
That's cool man. I would love to see Pittsburgh play but I'm definitely not going up there in that cold!
Indeed. After the bears they face the Vikings. They were 8 and 8 last season.
That's a shame I'm concerned about the concussion thing as well.
Maybe. I just think that the pressure is going to get to him.
I don't know what you're getting at.
Well , the Cowboys are not always the best.
How about the South?
Oh, definetely. I'm pretty sure they got suspended for a while.
I didn't expect it to be so one sided
Yeah, they beat the Falcons. After all that they were still the best team to win the Superbowl.
Wait, I'm not done with the list yet!
Keep in mind this is a franchise record, he would need to rack up 136 to beat Can Newton.
I think so too.
I don't know, It is something.
Maybe. I loved Andy Reid but it was time for him to go- too many post seasons ending too soon
Yea and with Ben Roethlisberger getting older, they could use a nice rushing attack.
The redskins this time
Wanna up the bet?
I know.  I went to a couple of games when Troy Aikman was the quarterback.
What other merchandise do you like to purchase?
I mean, they are not even "my team". I just really do not like the Patriots.
Okay, how about the Redskins?
Chargers also need a reboot.
You're forgetting about an extra half hour.
He might be the best receiver in the league.
What do you think about having three teams in the LA area now?
No scoring in the third quarter.
It's crazy that Dak and Zeke were in MVP talks as rookies though.
Did Randall Cobb get traded?
They don't want any of that.
Probably not, i'll retract that.
I think they have a good chance as long as Russell Wilson stays healthy.
You dont think in todays game Jerry Rice could do that?
That is amazing dude, Terry is the man!
I don't know, I'm sure I can get a pair on Stubhub for $300 or $400, it being there not the quality of tickets.
He sure didn't. He is simply an pro.
Yeah Romo was pissed when Prescott took over, but he is a better QB.
You know, Madden retired.
I get that, but play to your strengths.
Has he played on any other NFL team?
He should, they're first game is against Oakland.
Easily
He put up 20 touchdowns, only 5 interceptions, and had a rating of 99.3.
Thats never going to happen though.
Maybe the Browns will have a trun around like the Indians did.
Hey, anything is possible.
I think Pittsburgh is the team to beat and would make a good opponent for the Vikings
What was your favorite play?
It has been almost 10 years since they made them last year.
Yea, we will see if he ends up back in the league.
Doubt it, we're looking pretty good this year.
He was so shifty though.  Can you imagine how well he would have done with a better line?
Alright. Didn't he play for the Atlanta Falcons.
Oh yeah. That's what the preseason games are for.
And now that you're in Michigan.  I bet everyone is a huge Detroit Lions fan.
They are, but I am still sad that we could not win one with Romo.
Or how about the Giants or chiefs.
I bet they have a winning season.
I wonder what the Patriots are going to do about Jimmy Garoppolo.
Same here, I don't really pay too much attention to running backs.
I was thinking the same thing. Whose the team that comes out of nowhere to almost win it all?
Yeah they play them in New York on Sunday October 15th.
Yeah in fact it was, it is why that event was so memorable.
Anquan Boldin as really good. I'm sad they lost him the year after.
Maybe it will take a few years?
True.  You guys have got a great quarterback in Russell Wilson.
Do a lot of people?
Julio Jones is outstanding.
Yeah, but I'm not sure if that still applies given all the rules changes from the past decade that tend to favor the offense.
Who are the Redskins' biggest rivals?
Wow, that has to be difficult for referees to call in the heat of the moment.
Actually, I did haha, how did I forget him?
What about the Ravens?
Yes, I never was a fan of these new ones.
And AP gone to New Orleans!  I can't see them co.peting this year.
I lile the patriots
He's ok. Not that good as a TE. Who else?
Of course!  Gotta love them!
How do you feel about the quarterback position?
That and Green Bay. I don't know how they stand to be in that cold weather anymore than the heat.
Right.  I'll give him 6 months and check back.
That always bothered me about sports in general: late games for east teams on the west coast, and vice versa.
Exactly! You never know though. Anybody could have a great year.
Now there's a sign of a really good player, even if the team doesn't have as many wins as the Patriots do
The Falcons had such a high power offense that season, its a shame they couldn't take it all
I guess. Why is it that so many NFL football players get a little money and then go off the deep end?
He is supposed to sign all the replacement cards.
What time would you want to play for?
I think that's what makes Brady so great, he does it every year with different players.
It's hard to deny that they are a good team.
No way! Where was it at?
I remember him. He was pretty bad.
New talent is always a plus, it is about who plays well and who has the desire to win.
Yeah, I guess that's true. I don't see Roethlisberger getting them any closer to the Super Bowl.
Yes, he will.
I like those picks, both of those guys are dominant at their positions.
I like the Green Bay Packers.
Later, I found out that the locals weren't that impressed, because the Browns weren't doing well.
Who is your favorite quarterback?
Well, they get paid a lot of money to do it.
OK but outside of that, dont you think a team like Pittsburgh could challenge?
I like Phil Simms.
That is the ultimate deficit overcome and probably the biggest choke job until last year's Super Bowl, considering the stage.
Oh yea! That's right.
Really?
like who
Yeah, I can't remember Tampa Bay ever being a good team.
Really?
Do you like the Cowboys?
He pulled his ACL, and got an ankle sprain.
Well Dallas made some good pickups this year.
I agree, I go to Vegas to gamble, drink, and see unique shows. Not watch NFL.
I guess that would be bad since I actually like watching football. But there has to be a better way than using taxpayer money.
That would be awesome, I'll bring the refreshments.
or drop back and pass it
It's not that they don't deserve it. I'm just tired of seeing them.
How can you be so sure
Yep, all of that Hail Mary play.
Well, he had a lot more doctors examine him, and they are saying he's not at any more risk than anyone else.
TO. Terrell Bryant!
He's impossible to bring down.
Well, if they let Moore play even more this season i think getting to the playoffs won't be a problem.
You got that right!
Just because they're not fast doesn't mean their role isn't as big as, say, a wide receiver.
Who do they play the first five games.
The Jets?
Will the Chargers play the Cardinals this year?
Yes, but they still don't have that start QB.
That's surprising because most people hated their old logo and uniforms. Why do you hate their new uniforms?
That means he's more fresh and healthy. Plus they have one of the best offensive lines in football.
Who else did the Bills draft this year?
Maybe. The Texans went from nothing to pretty good after just a few years.
Right.     They didn't draft him though, did they?
Yeah, there was a nice party at my local pub, me and a bunch of buddies just hung out there.
The cowboys have a much better chance of winning the superbowl in 2017.
And how do you think he gets that wide open?
Yeah, he played for years on horrible Bears teams and finally won one at the end of his career.
Who was the first starting QB who was black?
I mean he is a great quarterback, but I like it when new teams win the Superbowl.  I mean, that is when my team isn't in it.
Nice. The bears have had a really rough time lately.
I agree with you on that one. The offensive line is crucial for any team to be successful.
I don't know a lot about Carr, but I really like what I have read. He is the highest paid quarterback now!
He says he wants to play ten more years.
That is kind of hard to argue to be honest with you.
I might disagree you with you there and say the PAckers.
Can I ask what team is your favorite?
Not more consistently, though. Gender and aim don't go together.
Yeah, he's an amazing quarterback.
Was that when Emmitt Smith was rushing for the Dallas Cowboys?
Well, thicker, more comfortable seats for starters.
Who's your favorite player today?
I was thinking of them when I was asking.
That's the other thing, if a ball was under-inflated during a game, wouldn't both sides get the same advantage since they play with the same ball?
I'm surprised they have not given hit a long term deal.
The san francisco 49ers in Super Bowl XIX. but they played in Stanford Stadium and not Candlestick. The other team to play the super bowl in their home market was the Los Angeles Rams in Super Bowl XIV.
This didn't happen last year though.
Why do you say that?
They probably have the meaurements down to a science, like the leg length, arm length, muscle strength, speed. etc
Me too I was surprised Brady was able to bring his team back.
They had a new head coach last year, Hue Jackson.
I don't know, it would probably have to take one team doing it, then all players wanting to go to them, for others to follow suit.
I bought tickets to go to the new stadium when the Falcons play the Saints.
Haha, I'm just kidding.
Kansas City tied it, but Green Bay scored another touchdown before KC had a field goal.
They dont know if they want Cousins there long term
That means you lose most of the time!
I like Andrew Luck.  He's been a bit inconsistent as of late though.
The draft is where you need to build your team.
It was a crazy and fabulous game and it was so exciting to watch.
Answer.sentence14
Like what?
Well, not sure about "good" but definitely notable...  Reuben Foster.
That's just because they haven't been to a game.  The fans are really loyal, but we're also really cool.
Yea, it still seems funny with them in the NFC.
That's not fair!  They were ripped off.  There were so many penalties that weren't called!
Yeah but hopefully next year I can go.
Well back to Denver, if their defense sucks then they might be in trouble.
So why don't they try again every time instead of punting?
Maybe, although Cam Newton is the type of player that does front flips into the end zone. I think that he will continue to put himself at risk for injury.
Yeah, that's his hometown though right? Oakland?
Plotting ways of revenge.
I remember it like yesterday!  Up by 15 points with less than five minutes to play in the 4th quarter.  How do you lose that game?
Well, I just think they are a great team.
They should.  They finished strong but they still have an anemic offense.
Then there was the trick play.
He sure was
I would think exercise is super important for being able to keep up your strength during the game.
If memory serves, he did not even watch the whole thing.
Not really
Teams do prepare differently when it is a playoff game.
I don't think Cleveland has held on to the same quarterback for more than two seasons since they got their NFL franchise back in 1999. I wouldn't hold my breath.
They need to get him more help on defense.
Do you know when that is
Hopefully he will go back to playing like he was when he took us to the Superbowl!
Not really, I just watch the Panthers games each week.  I don't really watch other games.
They've also done really well the past few years.
I am supporting the home team by paying for a ticket to see their game.
A lot of these kids need to get drafted sooner because their family is so impoverished.
Bruce Arians' Cardinals have been struggling the last couple of years, but they came awfully close to their goal a couple seasons back
There are a lot of tough teams and that just makes it more exciting and has me more and more pumped up as the season inches closer and closer.
I would say so too.
But they never do.
I think he might lose a step, but still the best FS in the NFL.
I guess so, I just don't think he is the second coming of Aaron Rodgers.
I think so. The Raiderss are famous for being tough irrespective of their location.
Well, the games are usually good and I really like a lot of the commercials they show.
ACL injuries don't heal fast.
Precision rockets at that.
You said championship, not Super Bowl. I'm assuming the AFC championship.
I sure hope so. I would like to see them play the Dallas Cowboys.
That's actually something I don't like. I hate watching games that are played in London for example.
Dallas Cowboys baby!
I like them, I like everyone in the AFC East.
It's more impressive that he made it to the Super Bowl with those teams in the 80s.
My guess it will be a new stadium built with taxpayer dollars.
But wasn't he almost traded?
Who are the other inductees?
Well our roster is looking pretty mean this year
I understand that, but at the same time I have the right to disagree.
I think it will be the Patriots and the Falcons again.
So what do s it
Fletcher Cox is in his fourth season this year he is due.
That is pretty unusual in the NFL. That guy was pretty clutch also.
He'll probably find  way to cheat his way into doing it.
I'd want to beat the Patriots.
Yes
You think?
He takes care of himself, personal trainers, specialized diet and all that. He could play for a bunch more years even.
Ethan Pocic is supposed to be a good offensive lineman, but I don't know, I don't watch college ball.
Of course I do, I watched them since I was a kid.
Yes, and they are terrible.
Well they did that too!
I don't think so, its just about sitting around and forgetting my problems these days.
I'm certain.
It could happen.
Yea, Miami just hasn't done much.
That is kind of how I feel. No one wants to give them credit so they just vilify them and everyone buys into it.
It's just sad
If the kid out of Clemson is even halfway good the Texans will go to the Super Bowl . QB play was Houston's only weakness
He is good.
He brought it on himself with all the antics instead of just playing the game.
They truly are the best.
Who would you want to see?
How do you think the team as a whole will do this year?
Do you think that has to do with the different rules that have been applied to the game?
Yes, we should also have a pretty easy road to winning the division too.
Yeah then meanwhile some players reach it five times or more in their career.
They definitely could have offered him at least a 3 year contract for that much money.
It's such a popular sport that you can't blame players for being outspoken
There are not many other NFL coaches with such a resume.
Yeah, back in the 80s. Lost to the 49ers both times.
It's hard to say it wasn't their fault. They threw that game.
They're part of the Western Conference now. It's time for the Rams to shape up, or ship out as the saying goes.
It doesn't matter much to me, I guess whatever team wins the most.
Can they do anything about the helmets?
Jacksonville has built a great defense and just needs to get its act together on offense. I believe that Marrone's offensive mind coupled with first round draft pick Leonard Fournette will result in the team's improvement.
I think we've learned greatly from that, but Brady will be 40 this season as well.
Yeah, or Florida State.
I agree.
More experience for the team in the offense should help, as should the addition of Julius Thomas.
As devoted as they are to soccer, Europe has built some really great teams with great players.
They are pretty good
I don't think that was a hard conclusion to come to.
I know they really hype some of these players up but when you watch them play its not that good.
Ha c'mon man it's still the Superbowl. I was going to finish watching it regardless.
I don't think anyone really can. However he's not the only one at fault.
Yeah they did get lucky but at the same time had to sit through a dreadful season
In March man! How'd you miss that?
I do remember something like that. Speaking of goal posts, remember the Arizona Seattle Sunday night game?
Chiefts out West? Now I know you're out of your mind. You think Andy Reid is going to suit up and block? Denver out West
They will if they keep getting the first round draft pick every year
Could he at least block?
Yea I think so too, Myles Jack was also a good pick-up for them.
Haha! I know, I know!
Like the stupid celebration flags
I have heard that Bill Bellicheck has been accused of cheating before.
I guess. I am still bitter about that game!
I do, Marshawn Lynch.
that's true
I wonder if it's helpful yet.
Yes, your brother loved the Cowboys and you didn't.
He has evolved so much since then so it doesent matter
True!  It's kind of sad when the Lions are our best chance to get into the NFL playoffs.
Well it would be a tough loss but I think they lose the next two by 10.
Marvin Harrison was more of route runner.
But, I understand the reasoning.
I agree and they are new and young.
It's probably a bit of a long shot but maybe.
Wow, that's quite a change.
Exactally. Times up. lets win games.
Yes, Terrance Williams and Cole Beasley are pretty good.
And yeah, Jared Goff's hand size probably played a role in him fumbling the ball 23 times at Cal, but he did manage to cut that number down to 4 in his last season.
it's funny how there are still teams that never even went to the superbowl, like ever.
At least they have one of the nicest stadiums in the NFL so there's that.
Are we still talking football?  I'm sensing that you are drifting into some personal stuff.
Yea, maybe they'd win.
The Denver Broncos
You were a Panthers fan prior to that?
I agree.  At least the raiders picked Las vegas.  That will make for a fun road trip when they play the cheifs.
It always seems to be the Packers by the time it's all said and done.
You obviously know nothing about the rituals and traditions of football.
Yes they did win but not the fight over the Terrible Towl.
I love them though
Yes he does, he is like a tank engine.
We could go to a preseason game to start this season off, how about the GIants versus Jets
Did your nephew get an autograph.
Then he might be a little bit biased in his opinion then!
The Packers.
Well when you spin it like that...
Oh no. He retired a long time ago.
See, that's another reason why I don't go. I like not going bankrupt watching a bunch of spoiled children play a game.
You won't be neutral when the Saints score!
Do you blame them? Would you want to make the same amount of money for more work?
Oh contraire.They DO need more intelligence than other positions. They have to make tackle, blocking decision.
Absolutely, and that's why those rules were getting out of hand
It's like the new coach is being set up to fail.
After this season, Patriots will be the sure best.
I cant believe that we went 7-9-0.
All he had to do was give himself up and it was a done deal.
Yes, I will head to a Cardinals game when I visit home around Thanksgiving.
They could hire a better general manager, than Katy Blackburn, and get rid of family nepotism.
Can you use any player on any team
and you said Tom Brady was cute
True, Brandon Marshall is a huge upgrade over Victor Cruz.
Maybe he took that pretty hard and retired because of it.
The Cowboys are good but they are not Super Bowl good.
I hope they make it farther than they did last year.
Yeah and you won;t see him doing Papa John's commercials.
Or what about the Las Vegas Raiders?
He has led them to two of their six total champions!
So, by that logic.  I loved the local seafood when I lived in New England but now I should just stop liking it and make BBQ my favorite food because I live in Texas.
He took the Rams all the way.
Gee, I wonder why.
Not again.
Oh that's just wrong.
No, not entirely, but he is the easiest to blame, haha.
I used to like the Saints until that whole deal with the bounties. Turned me off knowing Brees and the coaches went along with it.
Let's look at career receiving touchdowns?
That was a fake news story.
Now that we have Marshawn Lynch, I think it's possible.
I think it would be weird to see Tony Romo in another jersey besides the Cowboys though!
You don't; if it occasionally happens, it's a 15 yard penalty--no one can predict it would have been a touchdown.
No, he's more hype than hope.
Both of them.
I think Atlanta kind of beat themselves.
That must have been disappointing after a super bowl win huh?
Three other teams went undefeated during the regular season only.
Only if the odds were ridiculous to the point that betting ten dollars would make me rich.
Crazy!
Yes, it has.
What is that?
Honestly, I'm thinking the Raiders.
Yeah, he ran all the time at Oregon.
He was a quaterback for the Minnesota Vikings.
So football is the socialist guy among other pro sports.
Who played at halftime?
Yeah, hip, knee, and chest injuries.
It's fine. I studied at Penn State and Cincinnati so I follow the draft if they have someone going in.
I've been so busy lately, I don't even know which teams are playing tonight.
MUCH more.
They don't have a good quarterback.
Do you think they would win?
I like Amari Cooper a lot. I've been following him ever since he was at Alabama and I expect good things in the future from him.
What about Tavon Austin?
Yes they are.
They just moved.
They won one Super Bowl in 2014.
I am realistic. Not negative.
We got a long way to go, but that is the right way to build a team.
I don't know about the Superbowl. I would just be happy if they made it to the conference championship.
Where did he coach before the Eagles made him their choice?
Yea I really didn't understand what was going on
We had a tv station at our school and they taped each game for many years.
I think the Seahawks have the best defense in the NFL.
I hope so. He was a best last season.
I think the Tennessee Titans will surprise and make the playoffs
I just hope the Patriots don't win again this year.
You are talking my mind man.
There is not much of one.  MarQueis Gray had a couple good games, but he does not seem to be much of an option.
Yea, it should finally be that time for the Raiders. They have a needed a QB to build around for a long time.
I hope he keeps it up.
They did have a great year, but you can not put them in front of any other team that won the Superbowl in my opinion!
I guess if he is generational
They did pick up a young quarterback.
Le'Veon Bell for one.
Who was the coach back then?
I almost couldn't believe they landed him as a second round pick.
Matt Moore is the current quarterback.
Well, I know he's faster because he's lean.
Oh yea!?  Who is your team then?!
Yes, it could offer some extra incentives.
I also love dolphins and the beach.
Yea, when you're a quarterback until six feet, you could really use some playmakers.
That is what makes the NFL exciting, teams are always changing and you never know what can happen unlike other sports where the same team dominates for year after year.
That's not a problem.
The Penguins did in hockey.
How many Super Bowls have the Giants won in total.
So are you saying he should of sucked it up and kept Harbaugh?
Are you referring to the locker room Facebook video incident following the Kansas City playoff game?
Oh no! They are also a tough team to be a fan of.
Nothing like pissing pissing packer fans off, pretty fun.
Me too.
That is a bummer.
How would that work?
My cousins buy season tickets and when they had an open house for the new stadium my cousin was walking along the side of the building and randomly tried to open a side door.
Like Payton Manning!
Yeah he will need to take the pressure off of Carr a bit and score some touchdowns.
Yeah, I just think it's blown out of proportion.
Actually they can control it but they choose not too.
How many yards did he throw last season?
That's fair. I agree with you on that.
You bet.
Montana is the greatest of all time.
yes, back in 2009.  We had an almost perfect season until they pulled the starters out at the end.
Season tickets!?  Expensive!
Precisely that. The arrogance of calling themselves America's team.
Oh yes, they have the best work ethic so it's fun to watch them compete in a ballroom setting.
Who do you think will win it all?
Yea, they have a good young team and should stay solid this year.
He seems to be, and so does Elliot the running back.
Haha, He played very well.
Well, they did review the play and confirmed it was a catch.
It's easy to see why. They make so many defensive plays.
I think he is a good guy.
Oakland isn't doing much better.
Why
Yea, thats a major weakness. They have to figure that out.
I don't see that ever happening. It might, but I wouldn't get your hopes up.
They definitely need to up their defense a bit.
He can be good.
Oh that is weird! Who did they tie?
Yeah. Maybe I'll hear from the shop on Friday.
The Falcons
Didn't he end up playing after a couple of the main quarterbacks got injured or sidelined?
Still, offensively I think the Patriots are still going to be on top.
Geno may get less now, but he's on a better team.
Oh, I thought it was fantastic. I like him and he's been a big Bronco fan his whole life.
Lions always seem on the verge of being good, but just stay mediocre.
Our offense is going to be unstoppable if that's the case.
How bout the NFC Championship?
Maybe, all I know is in Rodgers we trust.
There offense will be at least as good or better than last season.
Hey, your Browns had a pretty solid off-season!  Do you think they will win more than one this year?
Some of the Thursday night games are terrible l
I'm super excited I think the Steelers picked some great players this draft. We picked up TJ Watts, JJ watts brother.
They are not that bad
I think the West in general could use a ring, instead of those Pats!
Because of the waiting list, She didn't want to let them go.
I like the addition of Alualu and TJ Watt.
I agree! Those who have them tend to win.
Once in a while I will watch a game, like on Thanksgiving or if I'm with friends who are watching.
They cut their best receiver,Brandon Marshall.
Cousins is good but he needs more help from his teammates.
Yea you're telling me!
Cornerback is one of those positions where a star can emerge at any time. I'm sure we'll see some talent develop throughout the course of the season.
Someone would give them a job
Haha! Lots of hate come when you're good!
He is a MVP, I would not doubt that.
Usually. I sometimes don't get to go though.
No. They start on the road, against the Browns. They have two divisional games in the first month.
Yes. They have the Giants going over 9 wins.
Haha yeah, I'm not sure what the bears were thinking, but I will admit that the niners did have some good picks.
My favorite player is Duke Johnson for the browns.  Hes a very electric player out of the backfield.
Who played at halftime?
Although, I feel like teams can't always make the huge, game-changing draft picks.
Players hated each other, fans hated each other, coaches hated each other. the good old days!
They took Trubisky for some odd reason.
No. You Bills fans optimistically rally behind your team and hope for another dream season ending in victory...
It would
I really do, I feel like NFL gets better TV ratings than any other sport and the super bowl is like a national holiday
Well, I think the players can, it's just the fans can't.
Which draft pick are you the most excited about?
I don't know how the Pats can stand Brady getting all the attention.
I agree, hopefully they get taken out early and not make the Superbowl so we can see new teams.
He is very smart and is able to create plays that may have not been plays at all.
However, I think Cam Newton is a bigger and faster player than what other teams have had when using it.
Not particularly any good ones. Glennon, I believe. They lost Cutler.
I hear ya. Now the Bengals my be a bit of a challenge.
People in Ohio are pretty serious about the Browns-Steelers rivalry.
So it was tied going into the fourth quarter?
Yes, I go to the home games a lot.
I also can't stand Richard Sherman
Yup. I rarely can watch a game anyway because my team gets blacked out a lot.
Yes.  I couldn't understand why he would not play him.
They will still blitz him all the time.
They don't need defense, their offense is that good.
Where you watching the game at
Yeah, you get good physical exercise from football.
He has the most carries.
They had great receivers and I would just play the entire game throwing bombs down the field.
I guess even Cam is taking some knocks that slow him down.
Oh yeah. I didn't think id like it, but I do.
He was and he should be again. They have great receivers.
It's very sad but Steve's a class act, he still supports the Saints and is always on the field at any Saints home game.
Yes.    Team on the rise, and they might even make the Super Bowl against Houston or New England.
The Cowboys are starting him off as a middle linebacker.
They've got some tough games.
We had Dwight Freeny as our defense end.
I know they put a ton of time into it, and I think they have to pay for their own uniforms, too.
Sounds like a plan.
That's true. They probably should have let him go before now.
Ha, that's trivializing it a bit, but point taken.
Yeah I'd love to see them have a good season.
Yeah, plus he'd go out of his way to get the fans wriled up.
What reasons
No, there are too many other safer sports.
Yeah that will take the league well into March
I know - he should have retired...its impossible to top that.
Morris was overworked and under protected in Washington. The situation in Dallas is much better.
Nah, we'll just get a clone of him 20 years younger!
Yeah
Yeah, I'm really excited about that.
Don't say that to her.
Where is he going to play football?
No, they didn't have the dome back then.
Yea, they really had that game, but they sure blew it.
I disagree, I think the Packers were only a bit unlucky in most of their games.
University of Oklahoma, of course!
He was probably mostly responsible for that Super Bowl trip.
You can catch up on what they did that summer. And see what's new.
Yeah.   Who is your team?
I don't know. I think Brady is so mad he will have a chip on his shoulder for the rest of his career.
Yes.
There are particularly two incidents from the whole St. Louis to L.A. move that still bother me.
You say emotional, I say passionate. You probably wouldn't put Odell Beckham Jr. in your top five I guess.
Ha ha, more hostility I see. Let's see if those bum eagles can match your enthusiasm.
I don't understand what you mean
i like the green bay packers
I don't know. They have a couple young quarterbacks but I don't know how good they are.
I could never get with that team
They addressed the secondary heavily though.
Good to be remembered by something, I guess.
Romo is good, but last year he was not ready.
he is one of the best in the league
Really? Not even with Fantasy Football rosters?
Exactly. Make a lot of 3rd and forevers.
Do you like them more than the Patriots?
I totally agree with you!
Mhm rite after Hurricane Katrina.
Their offense totally dropped off with him out.
Thurman Thomas was amazing too.
Have you heard the controversy about his logo though.
Wow, that place is old. They'd never have one there now.
Yeah, just shows how crazy it is to be a consistent team.
I like the Patriots.
Yeah, anybody with top 10 talent can succeed in that system.
We just need a better overall team.
How about DeMarco Murray?
no doubt. do you think LeGarrette Blount will repeat his performance again. surpisingly that old workhorse lead the league in TDs for RBs at 18!
I thought they were solid
I would love to go.
Yep, That's pretty high for a WR. They usually range 17 or so
The Pittsburgh Steelers has won 6 Superbowl titles.
The New England Patriots and the Atlanta Falcons participated last year.
I know. Being a Packers fan has spoiled me a little.
True but that was back in the VCR era.
I would like to see the Browns do better/
To me, if they have to use steroids to put on a show, then there's really nothing great about it.
Did you watch the super bowl this year?
But if he has the team around him he can do well.
If he can keep that up next season; they will have a good chance of going far in the playoffs.
Well shoot
Makes the perfect nfl experience
Well, with his team that won I think four games last season, I am  not sure why we heard about him at all.
That's been true for Houston for several years though.
I don't know, i havent been there in years
Yeah, bigger and stronger, right?
I know, but that was a few years ago. They've had at least two decent seasons since then.
As long as Ryan doesn't get hurt, the Falcons will win at least 10 games.
They still have a lot of great players like Von Miller and Demarius Thomas
Is Josh Gordon any good?
I had a few different methods. Once I chose between the uniform colors I liked the better for each game. Once I would bet on whatever team had a cute quarterback.
He did but you couldn't look past the talent
Texans have a smaller following.
I also think Marvin Lewis needs to be let go
No one can catch him.
So that's why the movie's called concussion.
Yes I would agree with that. Which young quarterbacks do you like?
Seattle has a good quarterback, Russell Wilson is one of the best.
The cowboys have the new trio Dak, Ezekial, and Dez.
You forgot, a healthy Dion Lewis is a mismatch at times.
Pretty high expectations for a rookie running back!
Oh, okay. That's understandable.
We'll see. I don't think so. I think Wentz needs to mature a bit and we need an all-star running back or wide receiver.
This is true.
Who played at halftime?
I cant wait til next year
Just as long as it is not the Raiders!
Wow! That would be a miracle.
9 and 7 could. Tennessee could easily go 9 and 7.
I wouldn't call it cheating, but they were out of line.
Man, those Raiders move around a lot.
It was back in 2007. Some people think they cheat because of that.
They should have won that game. All they had to do was hand the ball off.
Me too. I can't wait for the season to start.
Yeah, they are very consistent.
Yeah, but those games aren't much fun, and the crowd is unruly.
Yea, a little of both.
I mean the only 5 teams out of the league managed to score more than 10 points on them. Their defense was that good.
right, when Dax came in and took over
This conversation is getting me excited for Pre-Season games. I can't wait for August to get here.
Well, it won't be enough to overtake the Patriots.They loaded up on defense too.
Some guy out of Tennessee I think.
I am sure you would. Who was your favorite player from those teams?
Alex Smith will never be a gun slinger, but Hill scores from behind the line of scrimmage, so that may not matter.
Yeah, and it's been a week and he hasn't said anything about it.
Man it's always about the money.
I'm looking at the Seahawks this year.  Their defense will also be very strong
Yeah Pioli ruined Kansas City
I do to. It was sad watching him get let down and frustrated.
do you think it will be a breeze for both teams
It's cool
That team would have never seen a single Super Bowl without Brady. That's his contribution.
Well, I can barely stay in shape, anyways.
Yes, they did.
True, but I haven't seen any great late round draft picks from Seattle in the last two seasons. Moreover, I keep reading reports of tensions between the players in the Seattle locker room.
Yeah only the die hard fans are there.
I don't know all the details, but I'll update you if I hear more soon.
I don't
I think they overpaid him
Yeah we will. Dallas got that crazy offense.
Not just the NFL but society as well. People started doing it at all sport games. It spread like wildfire.
I hope so. It's not even that fun watching them anymore.
On my back mostly!  We spent hours crawling, slamming each other into the walls, and landing on top of each other until the other couldn't move anymore.
In what ways exactly?
Who else?
I agree.
Yes
Yup, by far.
Who do you like
Yes they did.
Yeah if the Redskins snub him he can get his revenge with a great season somewhere else.
Name one DT better than him.
I agree, I also like being home with family and friends and watching it together
Hmm, Calvin Johnson was a wide receiver.
I watched him play in a few games. He really is good.
Yes, we still have the most Superbowl rings.
Wow, that has to be considered the best comeback in NFL history.
Well, other than LOTS of practice they watch the flags on the goal post to look for breeze.
Look at how old Tom Brady is!
Is it fun
Lambeau Field should be on the registry of historic sites.
No. I think he is one of the worst coverage backs in the league.
Not bad.
prime time had to put no effort into it
I didn't use them ... I scalped them.
I guess, I will be seeing you at the games afterall
Yeah alot of people like them
Like who, wait, Cam Newton's pretty good
They have bad management and a bad coach.
I have tickets to the home game against the Packers. I might go to one of the Thursday night games as well.
How come
at least now they're studying it more
Cedric only had 22 tackles in 13 games last season.
Why would they sign Glennon and then draft a quarterback when they have so many other needs on that team?
Yeah I make sure I have the time for it.
Oh, well I think all the teams make a lot of injuries.
I do agree with that. But I think they did that because too many people were getting hurt from kickoff returns.
What about the Lions?
That is a dedicated player.
Yup, they just need to find that franchise quarterback to lead them to the promised land.
I don't think he really cheated after all
So we named 3 is there anyone else
Yes, those two are pretty well known quantities.
He is young enough that he can still come out on top.
It got so bad that nobody cared if he was going to retire anymore.
Yes, they are. Remember that running back they had a few years ago that everyone thought was the real deal and he flopped.
I see what you mean, they cant gel as a team.
I know, but I think money was a problem.  Romo calling NFL games should be interesting.
Yeah maybe he was busy and just didn't have the time to sign all the autographs.
It was a shame that Carr got hurt last year. They had a chance to beat New England, I believe.
They won't want him to get hurt.
Tell me about it. They were cheap, too. We sat way up in a nose bleed section but I didn't care.
Exactly
I read that online but it was a false story.
Well thats the coaches job
The Colts defense was always ranked high, but we weren't that good.
They sound like a very athletic family. How are the Giants looking for next year?
He had to be the most colorful coach.
I think Joe Montana was the best
Do you think they'll trade him to the 49ers like the rumors have been saying?
It's hard to consider his Super Bowl wins flukes when he did it against Tom Brady, arguably the greatest quarterback ever, both times.
Yes, the soccer style kickers were just getting on board.
Yes it's true.  He was totally on steroids, "the clear" and "the cream".
I do not know
No that's genius
I like them Buccaneers.
Oh my goodness, I certainly hope so. I'm planning on watching him take this team to the super bowl.
No games ever suck.
They could outscore them with their offensive skilled players but im not sure the defense can stop tom brady
Me neither. We should go together sometime!
We had chicken wings
Well I wish you the best of luck with them. Whao you think will win the Super Bowl.
It could be, but they both did pretty decently.
All great quarterbacks can be difficult to work with. If you go on YouTube, you can easily find videos of Tom Brady and Peyton Manning getting into arguments with their coaches and teammates.
Me neither, but he never gets hurt and has the weapons around him
I dont know .
Has it been that long?
I think Jameis Winston is going to be a huge star!
Yes. When his brother won it was a major accomplishment.
That's the problem. You're only comparing recent history.
Las Vegas Chargers has a nice ring to it.
I watch every game i can
Derek Carr is a beast!
Me too.  I like the close grind it out games.
Well, if fans continue to pay for those ticket prices, then the owners and league definitely aren't going to make them cheaper.
I heard that too on ESPN I think.
I agree, but given a clean slate of health - the Browns may surprise some people.
Oh i like them too
I hope his offensive line protects better
So he makes more than Tom Brady?
AFC Wes
Those were the great times, back when the Met Stadium was still open, nothing like them playing football in the open in the middle of winter
Very true, but fear an old man in a place where men die young.
Me too, They get old, but I do like Prescott
What do you mean nothing?  Their OL was okay.
Imagine if you lived on the West Coast. Those games would be starting at 6 A.M.
I think they have a good young bunch.
Not like the extravaganzas of today.
I like him too.
They put him on the market but no one was interested so they kept him on to see how he played before pre-season starts. They have to pay him so they may as well see what he can do.
The NFC East is going to be tough.
Yeah, they've been playing much better. Though, I still can't forget that game where Aaron Rodgers throw that Hail Mary and beat them.
He completely took over that game that last quarter.
Don't forget you actually have to win more games to win an NBA Championship.
Junior Galette got hurt last year.
You're living in a dream world. Carson has better mechanics.
They added a couple of defensive ends too.
Well, that would be fine, I really dislike Tom Brady.
But that is because he is so great!
He is, but I feel like he could be more consistent throughout the season.
I think the Cowboys will.
Speaking of California, what do you think of the Raiders?
See, that was unproven
Their colors are amazing too
I think that people need to give it a few years before they determine that the poor ticket sales are going to be a constant thing for the Rams.
They're kind of in the middle of nowhere but far enough away from the Cowboys, Chiefs, and Vikings.
Yes I see they signed a new quarterback.
FORTY million?
You know it. And we got Dallas in week 11 I think.
He has decided to stand now to would increase his chances of getting hired.
How about in Mexico
I think he's doing alright, but the Bears are quick to get rid of coaches.
That sounds great
Call me crazy, but I think the Cowboys or the Packers may have a shot in the NFC.
Well he's the guy making the final calls
Yeah, he tries.  But im saying they'll play 500 ball
It was a bit strange, but you need a good backup QB.
Plus, Carson Wentz seems to be struggling with his throwing mechanics. He may not blossom at QB.
If Julio stays healthy, this will be another special year for him and Ryan.
Due to an interception and a fumble.
Bill Belichick is the coach.
Yeah, who is your dark horse?
Me too, they have a lot more cap space for sure.
Absolutely!  It's certainly recognizable.
are you going to do fantasy football?
Yes, and they were undefeated
They are so competitive against one another.
And when you think of New England, you only think of Brady and Belechek.
He sure is! After he went down with that broken leg last year their defense was never the same.
Me too
Yeah, it was odd when he left football.
They were averaging 30 points a game midseason last year.
Yes and the owners just want cities to pay for new stadiums because of the revenue the teams can generate for cities.
Football is such a great sport and you need a great mind to play.
Patriots for sure...they somehow won the Superbowl last year AND got better players in the offseason.
Their dad played too right.
If he can just tune out all the noise and focus on the game he has a chance to be great.
I guess we will have to see how it shakes out. Dak Prescott is pretty good, I will give you that.
Yeah, but he certainly can't catch well anymore.
Its unreal how they win so easily
No, they get more time to re-think the angle.
Certainly not. Seems like the wide receivers were always the entertainment divas.
I think it is probably not to different from who it has been the last few years.
Just play ball
.I think that is totally ridiculous rule.
I think they drafter some good rookies that can fill in right away.
And a purple one would really stand out when everyone else is wearing blue.
I am conflicted
Yeah, not to mention that he is one year out of the league and 30 years old
I'm just not sure I agree.
Don't know yet.
Still my Steelers have won 6 super bowls compared to New Yorks 4 Super bowls Numbers speak for themselves
They are a great team
Right, I know.
Yes, Of course they both want to be professional football players when they grow up.
Manning, Brady, and Rodgers, those are the elite three.
Yes, Ben has had several of them.
They are not as hyped as the cowboys.
They seem to rally the team pretty well.
I agree
He may throw a lot of silly interceptions, but the guy can sure run.
Yes
Yes,he's very athletic from what I read.
Okay 100 dollars for the team with the most wins, your Steelers versus my Broncos.
Dandy?  Was he a special announcer?
It is.  Lots of beer
Tough break for him.
When does the season start?
Eddie George was  a quick and savage monster.
Its pretty great though
Well, they are big and they relate to Florida, so I'll give that one a pass.
Maybe, but they just don't have the depth to take them into the post-season.
I guess that tells you how important the draft is.
For sure, he also came up big in the second half of last season.
Yeah, he did interfere with the new running back a few times.
yes, he went to Wisconsin after NC State.
Sometimes you wonder if they should do a best-of-3 or best-of-5 series.
True, but I think this year will be different.
No I think they tank as well, again.
Wasn't it a jazzy halftime show?
He was great.
It was an odd pick.
Tell me about it, he is made of glass.
Wow, that's pretty impressive.
Yeah they will have a decision to come to soon
Yeah, there are often negative stereotypes.
Well, that's fine, Ford Field is a lot better, anyways.
Yeah. He killed it in that beach workout video.
True, but it could happen to Brady.
Why the Seahawks? What is so special about them?
I would always prefer an exciting game.  That is why I am glad that the NFL is focused more on passing now.
Yes, if everyone is healthy, it will be almost impossible to score on the Texans.
How is that even relevant to football?
That is amazing.
I got that at a sporting event years ago.
He is a great quarter back with a wonderful arm and he is fast for his size.
No I haven't but I want to.
The Patriots are incredible but I must agree.
Yes.
At no time did I believe that they were gonna win
No, I think it was Mississippi St.
I would like to see it.  What about Seattle, they are always a contender.
A team is no better than it's coach.
Yeah, had some good position players too.
Really, that's surprising. What about Gonk?
They have one of the best defenses in the league.
Its like the owner from Oakland, he looks like Moe from the 3 stogges!
I think the weak side of that is thee Redskins though - they are not ready for Prime Time yet.
Yea, we ain't had much success at quarterback.
Well football is a pretty rough game.
Elway, he held thast record until Mannning took it away. Elway was 38.
Coaches, they weren't even on the field
You can but the excietment of going to the game is great!!
But no quarterback
I think they've drafted a lot of new guys though.
The Patriots. One of their first wins. It was horrible.
Bell always seems to get beat up too.
No. What do you think about the Carolina Panthers?
He's my favorite NFL linebacker at the moment.
Patriots, 45-7.
Yea, well if Leveon Bell can get his act together and stop getting suspended.
I know, but it was all down hill from there. Let's just say, I was glad when he was let go.
Maybe. He does have Martellus Bennett this year. Would be a great superbowl matchup with the Patriots
I get that, but you're overestimating him.
Then they have the lions,eagles and bears.
True, I did like how we brought buck Munnerlyn.
Who is he?
He's clutch under two minutes. I don't know how he pulls that off every single time!
NOT REALLY, BUT I LIKE OTHER PLAYERS.
So here's why I hate him.
I am hoping they make it back into the playoffs again.
Los Angeles always good money, we may just have to wait for prospects.
The year before was awesome.
I hope they play again
With the refs on their team and deflated balls, why not!?
He has broken many records.
Nope. The network executives learned to never again leave a live football game in progress.
How's the new coach working out?
Think about it he almost threw three touchdowns a game!
It protects me from concussions.
Them and the Packers can really get after it on offense.
I hope the Seahawks have a good season this year.
I pulled for the Seattle Seahawks because of Russell Wilson.
Oh ok.  Who do you think the biggest competition for the Falcons will be in the NFC this year?
Yes, that would have to be Bart Starr for me.
Losing Carr was a killer.
Yeah I tend to agree with you now
Yea, man!
So the NFC players in the Pro Bowl will all be from the Packers?  You sure about that?
One thing I think he should work on is interceptions.
I will have to look him up and look at his stats.
That stupid cruise down Miami during the playoff layoff was foolish!
Yep, so far.
It did not look good for the Pats.
So, he'll never make it back to the NFL.
Oh, cool, he was having some trouble last year.
Yeah could not afford tickets before
The other reason is because he can control the game with both his arms and his legs.
You have Brady bro crush!
He was fast, but small.
Why?
What happened at the game?
I'd say I'd have to go with McNabb at this point.
Yes I do.. I know who esle is a beast rusher. Le'veon Bell.
It was close but he didn't
Well, all the teams that he has been on seem to have a terrible offensive line.
I know I know. but I have faith, especially with carr coming back healthy
Exactly. I think that it's possible that they go all the way to the Super Bowl.
Consider it done!
We should go - you know its going to be a battle.
I can't say that I really know a lot of the players now.
Great.
Yea but the Raiders QB isn't too bad either.
The superbowl is just exciting on all levels
I agree!  I love their acquisition of Jamaal Charles.  I think he feels like he has a lot left in the tank and wants to prove all the doubters wrong.
Then the fumble.
Green peppers, mushrooms, pepperoni, cheese, onions, and sausage.
Yep. But given good enough QBs, it takes time to build a superbowl caliber team around him.
Yes otherwise we would see success still
That was the tradition?
I was happy with it.
Well what happens if he does well but the defense still plays poorly
Montana had the same talent
Yea,and,so,called americas team.
So, oh well, let's get rid of the coach.
What's that?
Oh yeah. he said, "Nothing on that test came with football"
Me too.
I heard he is coming out with a book about his fitness and mental health.
He has said he wants to play at least 5 more years, I wouldn't put it past him.
Definitely. I'm hoping they take the Super Bowl.
I guess so. Loyalty can only go so far.
Oh yeah
Absolutely, he's a beast in the playoffs!
Of course. Unless Tom Brady decides to retire mid season.
It'd be interesting to see how he would do without Brady.
I wouldn't count the colts as easy though.
We will win 7 of 8 at lambeau and win 5 more on the road for a 12 win season. Then it is on to the playoffs.
Do you think the Patriots will make it to the superbowl again this year?
Nobody wants to play here.
I wonder how the NFL will handle their athletes gambling while they're in Vegas to work?
yeah and he is very cool though
Who are they playing?
Like they're the worst team in the NFL!
I really enjoy that part too
He didn't see it, but yes, he LOVED the game.
I guess. Was a real shame that Marshaw Lynch retired also.
Oh really?
He got picked up by Jaguars.
Yeah banning teams from posting videos is dumb
That was savage.
It's hard to bet against Tom Brady.
So as usual the afternoon storm came rolling in and there was a delay of game.
Its fun watching the games together
Yes, he's getting there.
Nope
And then he ripped Michael Crabtree's chain off his neck during a game
Not sure when he started. His last was 1983 though.
Same here.
I really do not like the moving of teams.
He's great but I do think there's better. I'd love to say Drew Brees but last season was awful!
Guy's ancient, like 40 years old, but he's still in his prime.
That's true, they share a stadium and such, but the Jets aren't good.
I actually think the back up Jimmy is a better choice.
I wonder if that's why Barry Sanders retired from the Lions so early.
he completion rate was pretty solid at 64%, and his 28 TDs were pretty impressive
Talent too.
that's why i try not to use players when they play us but it's kinda difficult
That database would be cool to have.
Well, it starts with Matt Prater.
Unbelievable yet he still insisted on doing the same thing.
Their defense, man. That is a sick unit that will keep them in games all year.
Yes they do. The Eagles and Redskins are pretty much feast or famine. Playoffs one year and out of playoffs the next.
Well, first, if you want to study, you should look at the statistics.
He had a four game suspension last year.
Oh, pretty darn good--playing in the Buffalo weather on poor teams hurts his ranking.
I completely agree, and Matt Ryan is no chump my man.
Yea, it's a funny shaped ball.
It is sad to see that occur to people who love the game so much.
It really does
Yea, it is a shame because Brees isn't getting any younger.
Now i understand better.
Josh McCown probably, but who knows for sure.
He said he wants to retire as a New Orleans Saint so I have faith in that.
Yeah - every year its seems they have a shot at the post season playoffs.
Jim McMahon was a character.
If that's the case, then the NFL is going to have to figure out how to make money with less commercials.
This is true, as brain injuries seem to be the focus now.
Pats are a joke!
No he's not, he's much better now than when he was on the Eagles.
I think the talent was there with Leaf, he just never adapted to the NFL game pace.
No one made it hard for the Patriots to win last season.
Let's hope for a miracle run by the Detroit Lions.
Do you watch it with him.
He has turned out to be a really solid player for Dallas.
Yeah, and a 15 year old without huge muscles and a neck that's three feet thick.
Exactly, hopefully it'll work out. Are you planning on going to any games this year?
okay so include Big Ben who would be the last of the top 5
Yeah, I think you're right. But besides the Steelers, I am pretty excited about Texas football this season; I think the Cowboys and the Texans can both be good.
how many games do you think the Chargers will win?
I can't say, but it seems to be good for business.
I agree. The defense just couldn't carry them enough.
Well, it is impressive that his wide receiver core does change a lot and he is able to keep on winning. That is definitely in his favor.
They would have put up a better showing than Atlanta. You mentioned the 1999 Jaguars. What happened with them.
I guess it depends on what their ranking is going into this season  to who gets  televised maybe?
There are some improved teams in their division.
That's right! The Bills overcame a 32-point deficit to defeat the Oilers in overtime!
Brian Cushing is decent, but he hasn't made a Pro Bowl since 2009. A.J. Bouye wasn't as good then as he is now.
He'll get at least 15, David Carr even said if they're on the 1 yard line he's giving it to Lynch.
Well they have Jimmy Garoppolo waiting in the wings and he can probably lead the team at this point.
Bills Jerseys?
Front 7 is good if Dareus donest get in trouble again.
I feel like in order for us to really become a contender, we have to get better on defense.
A few times? Wow.
The Chicago Bears were called the Decatur Staleys.
Except for the fact that he tends to turn over the ball during key moments.
You have all these unique soldiers joining the battlefield. The meta game shifts constantly.
That's just so mature. Seriously. By taking the assessing the mental dimensions, you can improve the game a lot.
That's lame, a bit more?
It was fairly recent
If Andrew Luck is healthy the colts may go far.
Yeah they don't play certain teams very much.
I have no idea bro.. But it's every single year and it's frustrating.
Indeed - and the 100 yard interception by Harrison was fantastic - we were cheering on that one!
Aaron Rodgers
I am one of those people!
I think they may have a game in North Carolina with the Panthers, you could probably stand that one.
Hmm.... so that a good workout.
It's a shame but I think they are doing more now to protect guys.
That's definitely something we can see from a quarterback entering his second year.
Rednecks. Rednecks love football, and they love their good ol boys from the SEC succeeding, not a handsome guy from Michigan.
Better than the Eagles though.
Probably still the Falcons.
Brady must have been pissed.
I did
Wow, how did the Falcons make it to the Superbowl? They suck.
Okay, go on.
Ah, i see.
You do know that we going to have a team this year. Like a good one.
Well, the Patriots are a really good team.
I liked him too, but I was ok with the decision for something new- but Chip Kelly was not a good fit.
Yea, he seems to put himself into harms way too much.
This time?
OK double.
Have you been to the new stadium, Jerry's World?
Believe it or night, I like the sneakers with logos.
Why is that?
I like the Washington Redskins. I like Kirk Cousins and I'd like to see him do well.
That team is literally up and down every season.
Which is?
It's subjective, but size and speed ratio, I'd agree.
I think the crowds will not be like they used to due to the number of teams there.
The fourth was a riot of scoring.
Seriously. Dallas really lucked out in drafting both of those guys.
Nope. He is still a Packer.
You ain't right.
Mike Alstott... the A Train.
Yep, but will stay healthy if the Offensive line doesn't protect him better.
He may be able to
It was a great experience, I've met a few football players actually, all really nice!
Are the Chiefs anygood this year?
Do you think he could go on to be a commentator?
Ezekiel Elliott is a real good back also. They are pretty solid overall.
I know; I miss him.
But you can't utilize your strengths with a broken leg.
No, he was recently drafted from a Pittsburgh college.
Oakland did well last year!
I'm excited
Those are really efficient stats!
Well one can hope - maybe he will get an offer he can't refuse one day.
Yes, they have been doing good.
Yeah, my mom likes them too.
You mean for the Cowboys
That 100 yard return
Wow! I did not realize that it was that long ago.
That is true. I think his chances of getting back are the same as Tim Tebow's.
You say that every year, what's different this time.
You mean one like Emmitt Smith had?
Yes, he was drafted by the Falcons in the 2013 NFL draft out of Duke.
I never watch those.
We prefer Eli Manning--since Payton's retired.  Never cared for Archie professionally, though.
Yeah, he had so much talent, just could not get one for Dallas.
Nobody knows for sure.
I hope you are right and I am wrong.
It's gotta be tough to be backup to Brady.
Me neither, except for the new boss Ezekiel Elliott.
The Oakland Raiders
Oh no way! Is that a flex game or is the time set?
So you love the team because of a Half time show?
I wish teams stayed together longer
I am not sure but they better get it resolved
I know, I love Russell!  I was worried that he wasn't going to sign a couple of years ago, when his initial contract was up.  But he did, thank goodness.
Yeah. It's usually a good crowd.
He could be the best in the game.
Great defenses sill matter. That's why I wouldn't count Denver or Kansas City out this season.
I would say the Cowboys, Eagles and Giants.
The good thing about it is, those type of plays are review-able.
Who knows, but I think he'll finish top 10 this year.
Forgot about them, they have a decent defense and love Flacco.
They started winning with those though.
I dont know you might be right.
They are pretty good too
Let's see... Oh yeah Desmon BRyant
Don't you mean hate?
I think Jared Goff has a lot of potential. Hopefully he is getting the right coaching to go with it.
They get used to it like Denver player do with the thinner air because of altitude.
That team has had changes lately.
As commissioner I'd get rid of that.
Yea, there's always a few other teams to watch.
So who is your favorite current player?
yes they were putting up huge stats on offense. it wasn't uncommon for multiple RBs to have hundred yard games with multiple touchdowns
It's not just football players.  THis happens with players from alot of different types of sports.
If they straighten it out, I doubt it would hurt business.
Being from CO, I would love to play for the Broncos, of course.
Yeah, I agree.
Right but Brady doesn't seem as likable since deflate gate.
It was at Chicago Stadium.
That offense was inept at best. Amazing that a team could have that bad of an offense and still win the Super Bowl.
Your right, and with that I can say MY team is going all the way and you will be crying again.
For some reason he remind me of Vick, classic Vick.
I think he'd be recruited by the Eagles.
Then I would go with Richard Sherman. He is a lock down corner.
They do well pretty consistently, no?
But how many people can say they met a head NFL Coach in person?
Tom Brady. I am a huge fan of his ever since he played for Michigan in college.
Yea, but it's just not something I want to be promoting.
What?
They will but I worry about Ben's health year in and year out.
What about Harry Carson?
Certainly. There were other large deficits overcome. I could think of the 49ers and Giants playoff game in 2002.
I love a good cheddar. Their fans are pretty serious.
Yes. I love their purple colors
donovan mcnabb
Well, they earned my respect during the 1999 NFC championship.
Yeah!  And with only seconds remaining in the game, Harris takes this gift--this ball that bounced into his hands from nowhere---and strolls into the endzone to win the playoff game!
I do now.  Their team is fun to watch.
That sounds painful.
I sure hope they don't have a decent team this year, but as long as the Eagles beat them I'll be fine.
Agreed. How long do you think it'll take for them to move.
I guess they can compromise by having some of the revenue that teams earn be guaranteed to going back to some of the city's needs like paying for infrastructure and programs.
Better bring some extra, you remember what happened the last time we played Dallas.
dont throw it over the MIDDLE
I have to agree with you there.
Because I can be sure
What about Drew Brees and his leadership.
So he's thinking about coming back?
Another reality star.
Why?
I know. They got there last season but was shut down early.
I'm sure they even cheated at the very first Olympics games back in ancient Greece.
Exactly. What other running backs do you think will be good this year?
They play Cleveland,Minnesota,Chicago,Baltimore and the Jaguars before they face anybody good.
Nope. They're like the Giants, but worse.
No, I checked the schedule. The Chargers will not play the Cardinals, but the Los Angeles Rams will.
Tannehill has grown a lot, so we will see.
I don't care for their new logo and their logo is oversized on the helmet.
Well what about the Falcons? Do you think they can make it back to another super bowl?
They drafted Jason Croom, Dion Dawkins, Anthony Harrell and Jordan Johnson, we'll see how well they can perform.
But they're the only ones in the past 20 years or so for that to happen to.
No, I believe the Cleveland Browns originally drafted Weedon.
Nice.  We did the whole big screen TV, home party thing.  Was a lot of fun, put clean up was a pain.
Statistically you are right. I'll probably hit some Cowboys games this year.
Because defenses are keying on Beasley and Witten all the time.
Whatever happened to him?
That'd be James Harris for the Bills, he started the season opener. Funny thing is Briscoe was traded to the BIlls as a receiver.
Your team?  It must suck being a Browns fan.
They have. A lot of people blame Cutler.
What team are you most excited to see this upcoming season?
I read about that, he got a 125 million dollar contract. I hear he is a really good guy, plus his stats are pretty amazing.
Won't he be around fifty?
Being a Giants fan, you know all about Superbowl victories, right?
The Packers are my #4 team.
The Steelers
True. But a 60-yard field goal? No way.
He is so precise with he football.
Yeah, Dallas drafted Emmitt Smith about the same time as Troy Aikman.
So the Baseball seats were better than the Football seats.
I love Roethlisberger.
However, I don't feel sorry for Jerry Jones. His franchise is worth plenty with the salary cap rules in place.
Yes, that's technically true.
Well they'll need to next year if they want to keep him.  He needs to cut down the INT's though.
The rams played that one in the Rose Bowl, and not the Memorial Coliseum
No, but Aaron Rodgers picked apart their defense.
I recall on Fran Tarkenton's very last game, after years of performing for these people, he made a bad play and these 'fans' booed him off the field.
The reason black sprinters dominate the Olympics because they have long legs and higher center of gravity
It is what he's done for years.
Oh I don't know anything about him.
So no one has done it yet?
That will be a great game! Drew Brees is getting older but hes still awesome. He just needs more pieces around him.
It's okay we make a lot of dumb choice.
How was the halftime show?
I think that they do
Only if you are obsessed with scores.
Yes he might have been battling some injuries the last few seasons.
I agree and when some teams start to realize that, they may see more success.
It is not very often that a Superbowl game is close in the score.
Answer.sentence15
A steering wheel cover and floor mats for his truck, shirts, and even a seat from the old stadium that his Dad bought him for his Birthday.
I think I heard about him.. did he fail a drug test?
What about the Black Hole?
I miss the rivalries with San Diego, Denver, etc.
Didn't they lead the league in scoring in 2011 but got stuffed by the Giants?  And if I recall, the refs were looking for ways to get the Packers back into the game.
Have you watched all of the games?
I just think they really regress this year.
If they don't make it on the fourth try the other team gets better field position.
Newton's size definitely contributes to his fearlessness while playing. However, I feel that the combination of Christian McCaffrey, Greg Olsen, and a healthy Kelvin Benjamin will allow him to distribute the ball more.
Yeah I think that's why he came out of retirement, to play for his home team.
Hahaha, anyway, I think if the Patriots aren't the best team in the league the Seahawks are because of defense.
Everything that could have gone wrong did.  A botched onside kick, a blown coverage 50 yards downfield.  It makes me sick!
Yeah, they've won a lot I believe.
It's not fair.  New York has two NFL teams and they both suck
Yes, Brady to Edelman to Amendola.
Why?
Yeah, everyone could use exercise to keep up their energy at whatever they do.
Did he even make it to half time?
It's Cam Newton right?
And maybe Jason Garrett just doesn't know how to prepare the team when it comes to the playoffs.
It's only Hue Jackson's second year. Again, please give him a chance.
Yes, with defense this becomes a Super Bowl team.
The Steelers play them on December 17,2017 at 3:25.
I think he will, I am more concerned with how the defense performed last year.
I hope the Falcons have a horrible season.  I can't stand them.
They have. Makes it easy to be a fan!
When I go I am going to paint my face and so will all my pals?
But if they get hurt?
Arians won coach of the year recently, too, didn't he?
How do you feel about all the issues surrounding concussions in the league?  It seems like it is a story that won't go away but one that probably shouldn't go away anytime soon.
Wasn't there some talk of the Richard Sherman being up for trade in the offseason?
Well Im going to the game because I am from Tennessee
The person I hate the most is Kam Chancellor.
Well that is a tough model to live up to.
You think that toughness comes from the owners?
True. They also always have such great halftime shows.
Right.
Aaron Rodgers is really great too.
Fine, why those two?
Me too. Let's try to get tickets for that.
They aren't too bad. Plus it'd be cool to see more international athletes take up football.
I have never heard of them.
Did you get me a ticket?
Yeah, I don't know. I hear that excuse a lot
Wow, that sounds like a total racket.
But he wasn't, he's still there.
Terrell Davis, Kenny Easley, Jason Taylor, and LaDainian Tomlinson.
The thing is, it has several other times in the past as well
I hear you.
So do you think the Falcons would choke again and blow a 2nd half lead?
They are 7-4
He is a great defensive lineman but can he really deliver?
He played for a bad franchise his entire career. So, he didn't get too many high-pressured situations in the playoffs.
That 4th quarter in the super bowl last season was amazing though.
They would be my team to beat too.
I like their team
Yeah, I bet Shanahan does a nice job there of turning them around.
The two other teams I think could beat New England in the AFC are Kansas City and the Raiders.
Well, I read an interview where the Seahawks were really eager to get Pocic, maybe he's good.
Oh really? What's your favorite team?
Well, they could get better.
I know.  But I would have kept Rex
I can't believe it, I'm so sorry.
If not they got Matt Moore.
I wonder what the odds are.
Yea, even if they have some success, I'm not sure that they can take down New England.
That's too bad because they really are a great team. And that's what I think matters, great teams competing against each other.
True to much power
always goes back to coaching O" Brien is a lousy coach . He will screw Watson up  and he won t get the Texans out of the 1st round
Heck yes, very fast.
Still, I think he deserves a place in the Hall of Fame.
You don't hear too much about them nationally however.
Either one. I'd love to go to a pro football game.
Hopefully better than last year.
No not really. I would say it has to do more with the players. Players are getting bigger and stronger. Also just the way teams are running their offenses now.
As long as we stay relatively healthy we will be good.
It really is all luck and chemistry.
It doesn't make a quarterback really want to play hard if they think the team isn't fully behind them either.
I understand that, but I wish teams would just look at Kaepernick as a player and leave his political views out of it
You can't think of any?
Wow, that must've been hard for the fans.
Tom Brady definitely embarrassed them.
The Rams have a long LA history, though.
I think the Patriots win the most.
Well, yes, there has been a lot of research to develop safer helmets.
I think that you're being sanguine regarding Jacksonville for the 2017 NFL season. I would contend that the Indianapolis Colts are better positioned to do well this year.
It is crazy how long he has sustained this level of play.
They both have rockin teams.
I also want to go to the next super bowl game.
How about the backup quarterbacks.
They are VERY devoted to soccer in Europe. It's like the MAIN sport, whereas here you have competition between football, basketball, and baseball as to which is the favorite.
What about you?
Nope, hopefully we can win it all again.
Yeah I the 49er are just a little overhyped I should say
Did you see the end when the entire stadium started to boo Roger Goodell?
So you'd change out the whole roster?
That doesnt seem to happen in Green Bay
I have no idea.
I wish I didn't remember.
Denver? Please, they haven't been good since Vonn Miller realized his Madden Avatar was prettier than he was
The Seattle Seahawks have some ugly uniforms
No, he was more known for being a pass catching tight end in college.
Jack is good, I just worry about him with injuries.
Did you watch the game when they played in Europe?
No Fun League
Yes i remember hearing about that before something about playbooks or something.
Where was that Super Bowl held?
Why is he your favorite player?
put him on another team and maybe he's be better
They're implementing it now.
That was a rough day to watch football.
Yeah cheaters never change and he still isnt better than peyton
There are many people who still keep up hope.  The Lions seem to be getting their roar back again.
And the first score.
Route runner what do you mean?
Lets hope Luck brings a trophy home.
They are healthier too.
How many games do you think they win this year?
Some go into coaching or general management.
I hear ya but i think theres more to it.
Was their defense good last year?
I think the hand size thing is probably less of an issue given that he'll be playing in Los Angeles rather than Cleveland.
Haha, yes. Browns, Lions, Teans, and Jaguars.
Yeah AT&T Stadium is really awesome. It cost over a billion dollars to build so it should be.
I'm talking Ponder.  He's a stiff, a has-been, a never-was, a I'm-running-home-and cryin-to-mama kind of player.  Just like Jim Everett.
They win some. Don't do too bad.
Who are they playing against
Yes, even tho they sucked. Soon as i moved they got good.
Do you go to a lot of chiefs games?
Aaron Rodgers is pretty great.
I have been a Bills fan for 20 years. I have never dressed like a farm animal.
So do you root for any other team besides the Steelers?
They arent a bad team
I think the Patriots, in general, will continue to the flourish.
THe Meadowlands are awesome but you drive.  I think the Jets might be good some year
Yes, on a football.
That is what I always say to him as well.
And who lost that game?
Nah, there is no "spin".
I thought so.
Where do you watch the NFL then?
How dare you say that, I got faith in the rookie squad.
If I was making millions of dollars, I woudn't mind. Wouldn't you like to see the season start earlier since there isn't really much sports.Y
There you go again with decision.
Some players have come up with iconic celebrations, like Victor Cruz doing a salsa dance in the end zone
Either than or they trying to makes sure the team doesn't sale.
Yea, stop living in the past.
To think that in the early 2000s the Eagles were making it to conference championships and now we have a negative record.
Those early 2000 Charger teams were amazing
Wow that sounds fun, the Cardinals can do good this season.
I think that is what is holding them back. Bill Walsh would have been a good pick. Too bad he's dead
Easily can
well, he is.  Is he playing?  Maybe I will watch football, ha.  Hes the quarterback right?
Where do you rank Melvin Gordon?
It probably was not that one thing but maybe that was the straw that broke the camels back.
I guess that is fair.
I do to it is their time.
But you know Peyton Manning made a lot of money shilling pizzas and he owns a couple of those Papa John's franchises in Denver
Oh, do not even get me started with that.
Wow having started his career in 2004 that is impressive.
I guess I get that.  I would be hard to just abandon all your heroes from growing up.
Wish he had done that here.
You know why, don't judge.
Yeas. Again.
I know, that deflategate was a waste of money.
Did you go to any Seahawks games last year?
They said they didn't know.
Ok, so how many did Jerry have?
sounds like something he would do.
Hmm. Well, I guess it'll be an exciting season then.
Thats true- I felt the same way when McNabb left the eagles for the redskins- so weird
You're right, maybe the quarterback doesn't see that receiver.
I know, i know..... Aaron Rodgers!
Well they got fined for the deflating balls. I think they did for looking at the play books.
Yea,some iffy play calling.
Yeah it was - thats why I could admire Brady so much though this year I guess - he didn't knock us out and go on to win
I see. What are those teams?
I am sure the odds are pretty great already.
Speaking of the Bengals what do you think?
Where did they play it?
They stole the slogan from Texas A&M.  It dates back to when A&M was one player short, and one of the fans came out of the stands to take a spot on the field with the team.
Oooooo. That's a good pick.
It really helps when he scrambles.  Linebackers can't catch him.
Ahhh, okay, you like that team don't you?
Haha you could say that.
The Grambling State University Band, again.
Though I think that losing Earl Thomas was a worse situation for Seattle last year.
Where do you work now?
The Green Bay Packers and the Denver Broncos.
Didn't you like it at all?
What about the Bears?
I really think it depends on the coaching staff. I think they have just been too soft.
So if the Raiders are playing the Cowboys, who do you root for?
He has speed, but he's not great.
The head coach looks stressed.
When?
Who did they beat in that game?
I think it's a great idea. it shoul dbe worth 5 points, so if you're down by 5 points after your team makes the FG, then you tie the game and go to overtime
The Jets definitely are going to be a bottom three team this year.
For sure. Last season's loss to Green Bay was gut wrenching.
He was the offensive coordinator for the Kansas City Chiefs.
Oh I see.  So you never watch it enough to even understand the rules?
They must have gotten good studying the plays.
Who do you think is the best QB? i think Cam Newton is.
He made Tom Brady look like a rag doll in the playoffs.
Well I guess you could be right. They do appear to be on the rise.
They need to stop winning Super Bowls haha.
It's not like they have never made it into the playoffs.
What about Thomas Duarte?
Yea, well they have one now in Carr. Or at least they paid him like one.
As long as he keeps the injuries away.
I guess we will have to agree to disagree on this one!
But thats all based on conjecture isnt it?
Is he going to replace Eli?
Not saying he's not a good player, but he's no Zeke.
I don't remember the Jets coach, but Don Shula was the Colts' coach.
I think the only reason they did was because of his achilles injury.
What is his standing in the NFL?
That makes sense.
The Patriots!
Maybe so. I just don't want to lose much either.
Wow so you chose your team for selfish reasons!
Yea, especially since I do not even know who is carrying the ball for them this year.
It will also be interesting to see how the Raiders do in Las Vegas.
How about $100 if they make it to the Super Bowl.
It is harder in the NFL
Four in total. One in 2007 and one in 2011.
Exactly. His ego got in the way of winning and screed the pooch.
Yeah. Not only does it show that he doesn't take his job seriously, but it sheds light on Mike Tomlin's inability to keep his players disciplined.
Definitely, last year was really rough.
Oh,oh, did you here about the giants playing next month near my moms house?
Do you think the Steelers will win?
I can't wait to go see them play anytime!
Well, maybe a rule that each player must be given a week off during the season.
What happened?
Oh, he's a great player!  One of the best QBs!
I think this is exactly what the team needed and we can really start making a statement in the league now.
That's true. It seemed like a really big deal for a deflated football.
What do you mean?
Over 3,000. So all eyes are going to be on him this season.
This way, parents can sign up their kids for little league football after the kid knows they can get a concussion.
I hope the Eagles win.
You think he's better than Brady?
What are some teams you don't like?
Not if you're a true fan like me!
You probably hate the Super Bowl, then right?
Don't you know anything else about the NFL?
The Cowboys or the Green Bay Packers.
Yea, the quarterback really looked like the real deal.
Which game was crazier the Cowboys and Packers, or Patriots and Falcons?
Yeah and he can make a lot of play, rushing and passing.
Yes they did. Oh, let's not forget Antonio Browns' one handed catch during the colts game last season.
It's rare to see that, too. Usually teams are built around an explosive offense.
He is a nice guy and talented.
I can see Arizona doing some damage, They were unusually good last season.
Because it will be funny
Yea, I can't name one player on their secondary.
It would be great to see a team that hardly ever wins go out there and win it all one season.
Especially being in the same conference as the Patriots.
Yes,but he can be bad too.
They tied the Bengals in week eight at the game played in London.
But Friday is after Thanksgiving Day!  How are we going to watch the Detroit Lions and the Dallas Cowboys play football if our television if broken?
Don't the Patriots win a lot?
Yes, that sounds about right.
Yeah, it's hard to deny Tom Brady at this point.
Five years from now, Geno could easily get double what EJ makes five years from now.
You're kidding, really?
Agreed. Any other predictions for this year?
Reminds me a lot of the 2009 Saints team.
Ha, had to play the mighty Lions who we'd beaten 45-0 already.
Yes, but now we have a team that is ready to compete.
Yeah but what about there defense?
I don't want to get too hopeful, but yeah I think that's a safe bet.
They sure are.
That is a great pick I'm sure he will give the Steelers a lot of wins this season.
Yes they are
I would love a ring, and I'd love for a team from the West to snag it.
Did you ever go to one?
The additions to the secondary should allow more man coverages.
Yea, but you cannot expect to win right away.
Yeah it is always fun to go to the bar and watch with friends.
Who their rivals the Giants signed.
Now that the the Redskins just added Doug Williams as Vice President of personnel do you believe he can acquire better players to help Cousins?
I'm looking to sell them if you know anyone.
Still though, I wouldn't expect the same kind of regular season record as last year. They've also lost two of their starters from the offensive line.
Maybe, but you dont committ to it.
I don't know about that
I still think that the Patriots are the favorites to win it all though.
Why not?
Who do they play after the Vikings?
The Giants could have a big year.
Oh by the way, did you hear Marshawn wants to go to the Raiders?
Will Teddy Bridgewater play this year?
Woody Herman and Andy Wiiliams
True. Not everyone is a quarterback.
Right and then the Raiders stunk it up... were terrible for the last 10-15 years and the Broncos moved on.
They throw a ton of QB slop against a wall to see what sticks
Of course! That's what it means to be a fan!
Then you would miss out on all the commercials
Do you think ticket prices are too expensive?
True fans will withstand the weather.
I want to see how good Dalvin Cook can be. He has tons of potential.
Colin Kaepernick is just as bad.
Yep, I kind of want them to miss the post season, but more likely they win more than 12 games again this season.
How does he do that?
What about the Panthers defense?
Oh year, Cutler is gone. That's an upgrade just there.
Yeah, but they too didnt do well last year either.
Oh interesting. The Steelers are much, much better that the Browns though, right?
Yes, 14-14.
Do you have season tickets?
Yeah, he has a pretty big mouth.
I wish the NFL network would be available everywhere, and you could choose what game you wanted at any time.
It was stupid.
That didn't rile him last year.
No, man, defense wins championships.
I am in first row at the game
I just don't know if it is worth the risk.
I bet that number is high.
Houston definitely was good on that game. I always liked playing as the Bills. They had so many offensive weapons.
That's what they're complaining about, man. That the refs won't throw the flag on roughing.
Yeah, it has added so.ething to the games. Until it costs my boys a game! Then it'll be the dumbest rule change ever.
Yea, especially Julio Jones. That guy can fly.
I'll for sure look for him next time you take me to Saints game.
Wow!    That's quite a prediction.
Great! How do they think he will do?
Who do they open with?
Dwight was a great player.
Do you have a solution?
Get any cheese heads for the kids.
I know. Dallas is always a contender at the beginning of the season, but never seem to manage the hype.
I hope we find a way to make it safe, or find an alternative.
They haven't won a Superbowl since 1968.
Seriously, he did that?
I'm to poor
Oh come on.  Football makes men out of boys.
I would be ok with that.
Five SuperBowl rings... the most of any player - never mind a quarterback
I guess we'll have to see. Also, I'm very concerned about Dallas's defense this season.
Fingers crossed for cloning!
I am confused as to why
Me too. It would be good to see them go far into the playoffs.
This is going to be fun. I love messing with you falcons fans.
He's competing for a job with the SoCal Coyotes. They are part of the World Developmental Football League.
Must've been an outdoor stadium then.
Yea, I guess when you are playing the Patriots, you just cannot relent.
Well if you put it that way, they don't deserve to be in the Superbowl if luck is their concern.
Really? Thought most from your town were Oklahoma State fans.
I think so.
Yes, that's always nice.
Green bay.   I became a fan after they drafted jordy Nelson.  Loved him at kstate.
I think you are right.  He probably will try to win ever year until he retires to prove a point.
Where did the super bowl name come from?
Yeah, like what?
I would in terms of talent. However, I would put him in the fourth or fifth position.
Ha ha, whatever man. My former teammates gave me some cool tickets and I knew you were a bums fan.
He has more help with nutrition and working out, etc.
hope they both meet in the superbowl
I just looked it up. They have Josh McCown too.
Im suprised you dont like the same team as her
Right,and the rookie Eddie vanderdoes could be a good defensive tackle.
Not as brutally honest as that coach for the Buccaneers back in the 1970's.
I think he will bounce back this year
I agree. He is already breaking records.
No.
So what, they made Norwood kick?
For sure.
He played so well for Texas A&M maybe he would have done well with a Texas team.
What happened with that?
They didn't do jack in the playoffs because of it.
I miss those days.
No what's that about.
Yeah, it's definitely dated.
Well getting back to the Seahawks I think they are reloading for another run right now.
Yeah me too
True, I wonder if Jimmy Garoppolo is even that good, or if it was the system.
Yes, I agree with that.
After going to Tennessee he had a resurgence.
holy cow. i didn't know he had that many. he really adjusted to New England well.
yeah, I was a bit confused but I guess there is a bigger picture
I'm also going to see a Dallas Cowboys games, one of my friends is a huge fan.
Yeah, usually QBs have high Wonderlic scores.
Who is your favorite NFL team.
Which NFL team did Tim Tebow play for?
I am pretty excited to see what the Raiders can do.
Well the Cowboys are a true team and not a one hit wonder.
Me too.
I think you're being a little too judgemental about steroids. It isn't as dangerous as you think.
Yeah, it was amazing!
He's been playing a lot longer then I would have thought.
I am sure they will at least make the playoffs.
What?
Exactly
Yeah, the 49'ers were terrible last year, almost as bad as the Rams.
Who else do you think cou ld surprise?
Me either.
More-so wiser than anything.
Well, they lost the division title two years in a row.
You also forgot that they have Julio Jones!
I suppose so, but they didn't play so great last year
He got over 2,500 yards over the course of two seasons.
I see, a real scientific methodology.
He had talent
Than who?
for sure, he is mediocre at best
You have to be able to get it to him first.
Precisely. I highly reccommend it.
I think Mariota, Winston, and Carr are poised to be good for a long time.
I don't know if he's one of the best, but definitely one of the most mobile.
I always thought Dez Bryant was over rated.
I also like Burkhead.
I also, love the Vikings defense, one of the best in the league.
Also, I think that it is amazing that he made it to the Patriots fresh out of college.
Yeah maybe, and an all-star on defense.
That is thier rival.
Would you believe Anita Bryant?
Me either
Yeah the Raiders are my most hated team.
We need some different teams to make it all the way.
Houston is kind of fading out. They have another quarterback this year, don't they.
I know.
They sure do.
Well, I could see why.
Yeah, even if he doesn't make it in, you still have the time out, and 3rd and 4th down to try again.
I think I am going to host a few parties to watch. You interested?
Who is your favorite team?
Yeah, a stadium full of people who don't usually go to the games.
Its tough to beat teams that have won before when it gets to crunch time.
I see your point. I still don't think they are the best.
but they still didn't get anywhere that mattered
As a Los Angeles resident, I am crossing my fingers that the Rams will have a better year.
They picked up LB Harris from the Jets, and he was really good last year. They also scooped up Stephon Gilmore from Buffalo.
Bell has to stay healthy.
I loved Thurman Thomas and Bruce Smith. Those guys were just tough as nails.
What about Tom Brady throwing to Brandon Cooks this year?
He's probably waiting for his lawyers to release a statement, what about the card manufacturers?
They should have kept him.
Yeah, Seattle has really put effort into building
None of their backups have had much success either.
I think that team will do better.
No  there is always some random team that surprises people.
You got plans?
Again, that's a team effort. Brady does not stand out of the pack.
Its been sixteen years since he played for the avengers.
I hope the rams can pull out of the slump,
Are you referring to the alleged Richard Sherman-Russell Wilson feud?
It's to bad they are bad every year.
Appreciate it. Thanks man.
Are you a 49ers fan?
Someone would have paid him
Yeah man, defense isn't too bad either.
And you think this is more the NF's fault than the player?
I know. I mean what's the point of watching if you know they're going to lose?
Sounds brutal.
For one, all they talk about was their Super Bowl victory.
Another guy who goes with the Ravens?
Adolphus Washington needs to keep the rushers awah from their QB.
I did not know that
Right, I forgot.
Green bay packers
He's gets to lead a rebuilding team.
I would love to see that next year.
Some guy named JT Watt comes to mind.
we should plan an event together for this year
He was way down on the list. You gotta think old timers.
I was hoping the 49ers would get him but the Browns had first pick.
What's your favorite Steelers game.
It is the best one that I have ever seen without a doubt.
True, you see them adjust a lot.
Tom Brady isn't that much older than Brees.
Of course it is
I wouldn't be surprised if it wasn't.
What would you do if you were coaching?
But they haven't won a super bowl since 1983.
hester does
Did you stand on the street yelling "tickets for sale?"
Yeah and at the tail-gate parties!
I dont really have a favorite player though
Russell Wilson, Tyrod Taylor, jaemis Winston, and Dak prescott
I agree, I am a Steeler fan though so I am a bit biased. Steelers have a great team.
Sweet, I'm hoping to make it to a couple as well.
ESPNs highlights are better
and its not a secret anymore
Not too great.
It makes no sense. That front office is pathetic.
Anyways did you see the Super Bowl?
It is the name of the game.
But that's part of the game. To me, if it's exciting, I want to watch it.
Well, they look good, but they are the Lions.
Makes for more dedicated fans.
I do wonder though how the Vikings will be without Adrian Peterson, it's kind of crazy not seeing him in that uniform.
He may not have, but he destroyed his cell phone when he was under suspicion and likely to be called in for an investigation
Mariota in Tennessee could be like that.
Damien Williams flirted with the Patriots.
That's true, but I still think they overpaid for him.
I guess considering how many times he announced it people got burned out on the information.
Andre Ellington, right?
So bad coaching, free agents and when they DO get some good drfts they wind up hurting themselves.
I think he will do okay.  He did get a great job though.
Yeah working under Jerry Jones probably would be a great challenge.
Would have been a good matchup. They probably would have given New England a better game than the Steelers did.
Beyond injury it all depends on if Rodgers continues to perform well.
Did you manage to have any fun at the game?
I dont like peiple that go for the team that is doing well
Oh i had been so worried he has had so many problems in the past.
Truely. If the team has a bad coach they wont be winning any games
You had Dwight Freeney who was a beast.
I don't really know. I only know they have Eli Manning.
He put together some great players.
I forgot about him
I don't know, but I hope that they do so he brings some of that positivity to San Francisco
I have no problem referring to his wins as flukes. He won his first Super Bowl off a crazy helmet catch from David Tyree and won the second Super Bowl because Wes Welker dropped a pass.
Jan Stenerud.
Wow, same as Barry Bonds and those other guys.
Come on
You guys don' play fair
I like the 49ers.
So you are telling me there is a chance.
Some games suck.
Do you think the Bengals will make the playoffs?
Agreed!
That sounds good too
I honrstly don't think the Patriots will win again, although they will be good. I think it may be some long shot.
Yeah, but only Payton went all the way.
Yeah, but I don't think that there exists the same level of resentment from those people towards Manning and Brady as there exists towards Aaron Rodgers.
I know he had a great year but Shannahan is not his coordinator anymore
Only time will tell.
Yes, but I feel like good things are on the horizon.
You really think that he has what it takes?
It was and I was glad to see he won.
Well it was a different generation of football back then.
What do you think are the biggest rivalries outside of their division but within their same conference?
Me too
Yeah and they even have beast mode now!
The Ravens a few years back were really tough on defense.
I guess that's where my frustrations lie from. The fans pay the players' salaries and make the owners rich without any kind of reward.
I think Bellecheck will keep him though.
Well then I will be on the lookout for them then!
Sometimes it is hard to have one favorite team
Agree. That was a real problem last year
At the current time yes.
t
Yeah, totally agree. It really lost something when they built the dome, it just wasn't the same
That is a strange analogy, but I kind of understand.
I hope Prescott does well, He was impressive as a rooking
But they had no receiving help.
That is crazy. Hope he never puts a team in London permanently.
Do you think they will develop this year?
Not at all.
At least jay cutler is gone.
Hopefully this will teach him some humility.
The Cowboys should be the favorite to win the NFC east.
Yep, that was heart-broken.
Not just the last quarter! The entire second half!
More games means more chances to win.
What was his injury?
Dak threw for more yards and had a better QB rating.
Who did they get?
I think nearly everyone does, except for people in Boston.
Yes, he has definitely deserved them.
He played his college football at TCU and even won a Rose Bowl.
Yeah they could.
Awful team. I mean, they haven't had a championship since 1984.
Still, we all know it happened!
I hope they win it this year
I just see it being a disaster. And with the Charger moving there, it's going to be even worse.
Do you think the population will support it?
Who you talking about? Sean Renfree or Ryan Fitzpatrick.
Yes, he was getting paid more than top players.
Thats right! That's going to be the first Cowboys game that Romo calls!
I am all for him standing up for what he believes in; he just needs to be consistent.
I think the problem there is fans like soccer more than football
All of the NFL is quick to get rid of coaches.
It is
Who's your AFC pick?
But was it the calls that were bad?
And that's putting Philly in last.
Either way, no matter who starts, that old saying about quarterbacks is how I think of them.
That leaves the Giants. Eli Manning already has two SuperBowl rings!
Julio is a beast when he's healthy, but he's had a lot of foot problems. I hope he's getting proper treatment and training to prevent foot injuries.
17-3 by the end of the third quarter.
Oh yeah, not I remember he is a good coach. I wonder how long he has been coaching them.
I like Cam and the Panthers to bounce back
Yeah, and he was getting old and not as productive.
If you never want to get a date ever again, you wear one.
I will!  you?
TRUE
You're not kidding.
I think you're right, although obviously they've had many great players.
No it was not. Do you think the Seahawks will be the best D as well?
They have a good team I think
How so?
Yeah, I remember them being explosive for awhile.
The NFL is big business for sure.  They get my money for merchandise and watching the games.
Many don't realize just how much acumen is required to play along with strength.
That was shocking!  I could not believe the Patriots somehow got Brandin Cooks AND kept Malcolm Butler.
Correct. Great family.
I would love to see him have a great season.
I saw something saying the top three teams likely to play in the Super Bowl are the Patriots, the Packers, and the Cowboys.
You also got to worry about the Cowboys' defense.
well, the whole patriots team is stellar
Do they try to make it even if they know it's coming?
Absolutely. Terrell Owens. He was the diva that got everything started.
I think I saw a prediction that the 49ers and the Browns will be the worst.
Exactly
Yes because what if for some reason that referee doesn't personally like that player
Well drafting is smart because those players are cheaper then free agents.
Exactly. And I like to get loud and cheer.
Well for me it's simple both
Yeah that is ancient in terms of football
What was so horrible about it?
I heard they were going to change running backs.
Sure 4 were won in the 70s and 80s when the good players and coach were in,  they arent any good now.
They are
Why do they have that policy?
So did I.
Maybe if your head they are the top three. Regardless, Joe Flacco is still top tier.
Concussions?
I agree.
Guys like Bell and Brown really do seem to get a jolt of them.
Have you ever been to a game of theirs?
Their backup from last year, Boykin,  can run also and would be a lot cheaper option.
Hm. I loved last years superbowl,. It was the biggest comeback win in history
Not your typical tight end.
Deal, you should just pay up now.
Yeah. He was awful!
Oh I bet!  Anything worth mentioning?
Eli Manning is getting old which won't help.
I think the first game is September 10th.
I agree man, in his hay day he was an absolute beast.
I love all the food
What about the New England Patriots?
Don't count out Pittsburg.
Yes, bad teams always draft high but most of the time still stay bad.
I can just imagine what he could do with a competent team around him.
Dalton and Rogers got overlooked in the draft.
Oh yeah.
That would be cool if you kept every game single elimination except for the Superbowl.
There is one thing I have liked about the Vikings in the past few years.
Wow but they still have to pay both of them
Ella Fitzgerald and Al Hirt.
They made quite the team together.
Just because they thought he was overdrafted by a round or two.
I never hope for injuries, but I wouldn't complain if we had to go against your 2nd string in our meeting.
Yes, but they also have won 9 championships.
I just dont see how Dawkins dominance doesnt get him in first time.
It's a shame.
I like the new home of the Lions.  Ford Field is near a lot of other stuff.
He is so quick. I admire his work and training.
I don't think he has been hurt since he broke his leg over a decade ago.
They are an NFL team aren't they?
I get that but I also feel that the solid 4 yard runs are a classic part of a good offense.
Didn't they change up some things on the coaching staff?
it's relevant to ALL occupations. FGootball invoves learning, reasoning like all other occupations
The Atlanta head coach used to be the Seahawks' defensive coordinatior.
You must be lucky.
He is tall for a quarte back and he can take a hit better then most.
I went to a game in San Diego last year between the Chargers and Raiders.
The Giants and the Jets need a massive overhaul in coaching and management.
Oh ok.  I was thinking maybe someone from the Chicago Bears, like Kyle Long or Zach Miller.
I thought they had it
Ah yes, the Bulldogs!
They will be good, but with Lynch gone their run game has struggled and I'm not sure how Eddie Lacy will do.
I completely agree, coaches are underappreciated.
Thurman Thomas?
Well, he's an outlier.
In addition, they added Marshall which will open that offense up.
I think all rich NFL owners handle large amount of cash and the ink has seaped into their blood stream
I agree they definitely are not super bowl bound. How about the Patriots? You think they can repeat?
At least the Browns give us chances at two victories.
I don't know what teams will do if the NFL adds more games to the season.
That's funny Elway owns the Broncos.
But their suppose to get the players read and they weren't
And the tailgating.
No these were players who were role players on their team
Yeah, they have.  Their front office is all about analytics.
Was it a close game?
Our defense does too.  Harrison had to come out of retirement to play.
I think they only go as far as Cam Newton allows them to go.
The Cowboys are finally seeing some ROI on the Jerry dome.
Then what?
Yea, I hope he can get himself straightened out. He is too good of a running back.
How do you feel about Todd Bowles?
Is that your prediction for this year's superbowl? Pack vs. Patriots?
In any event, I think they can compete for the division.
All winnable games.
Remember, Worley had 87 tackles as a rookie corner last year.
His name is Austin Davis.
Talk about clutch under two minutes..... Tom Brady
WHICH PLAYERS ARE THOSE?
Okay.
I think they should, Matthew Stafford is a great quarterback.
I'm looking forward to smashing the AFC West when we get there.
That's true.
Me too
Well, the cowboys are predicted second in line, so maybe they can blow those predictions to pieces this year. Not really lining up great for the Panthers though.
I want to get his autograph.
What type of game was it? Was it exciting?
He's pretty good, he's the brother of the guy on Monday Night Football.
Not bad at all to be honest.
Concussion?  Dude, you have to move from your recliner to get a concussion.
Yes Aaron Rodgers is a great QB.
And then there's the Giants playing the Cowboys.
Are you a big fan of his?
I don't know.  I know the Cowboys and Seahawks should be good again.  I wouldn't be surprised if the Panthers rebounded from last years poor season.
How closely do you follow the NFL during the season?
Anyone who loses their starting qb is in trouble usually.
So I would think he could be able to reproduce these results, right?
Pure jealousy again!
Heck, yeah.  Nelson is going to have 27 TDs and 2,700 yards this year.  And Cobb will have 19 TDs and 1,500 yards.  He's not as good.
Yeah a high number of interceptions can make it tougher to win games.
Josh Johnson is also a quarterback.
Odell Beckham has to grow up and think! He is such an enormous talent.But, he has to grow up.
I think they'll keep that streak going.
Everyone was thinking Marshawn Lynch would punch it in.
Unlikely, he might not even start for the Coyotes.
Well, the rookie years can be tough.
Makes sense they are expensive
He does have great mobility. However so does Luck and Rodgers as well.
Of course, he's a role model and has a model a model for a wife.
You have to be big and muscular to get ahead in football.
They got revamped on WR, RB, TE and DE positions. Their depth is amazing
Upstate New York in winter.  My Dad and I sat in freezing rain for three hours, watching two teams I knew nothing about, wearing a Colts poncho, while sitting in a sea of Bills ponchos.
He had his flaws but the best on the list.
Boom. Mic drop
That was the first time I remember replay being used.
You aren't wrong.
oh yea that's right he was hurt as soon as they got to the playoffs last year
Do you think they could beat the Falcons?
Thanks so much. Gillette Stadium will be rocking that night.
Yeah it will be - I am down for going if the tickets aren't super crazy expensive.
Yes.  I doesn't seem like there's enough time to sit and watch too much.
But he's still out.
Yea Derek Carr isn't too bad. If he is healthy this year, they will have a chance to go far in the playoffs.
It really is
Who is your pick for Most Valuable Player of the upcoming season?
They had some life then.
Wow, that sounds like a really good pizza.
Huh. what do you know.
Why hasnt anyone signed Rice?
No, the tradition was driving our Mom crazy!  Just like we ran outside screaming to play, upon our return inside she would run around screaming, and chase us off of the furniture and into the showers.
I hope the Browns draft pick does good
Then the defensive coordinator gets fired.
You're on point today
Yea,americas thugs.
Then you have a different coach every year.
In '84 the Baltimore Colts moved to Indianapolis and became the Indianapolis Colts.
Hahaha. That's funny.
They will be both top prospects for the Super Bowl.
It looks interesting - might reveal how he has been so successful.
That would put him close to his mid 40s, has that ever happened?
I could see it happening. I've always admired their offense.
Exactly.
So i gotta party this game
How about the defense? Will they be feared again?
He's almost 40. He isn't slowing down any time soon.
Yeah, I'd love to see what he would do.
No,I agree with that.
I will bet you that the packers will not make the playoffs this year. If they do, I will wear a Rodgers jersey for a day.
There's definitely a good chance.
I don't know, this coaching staff  is getting me a little more confident.
That is what I've wondered about as well. It's legal, but doesn't seem like something an NFL player should be doing.
who else do you like in dolphins?
They are playing the Saints tonight!
How can you say that?  They won the Super Bowl last year!
Its more fun watching eith other people
What do you mean?
Actually, I heard he was coming back.
Yeah have been for a long time.
How much did he get?
Thats where they ruin the game for people
I wonder if he still holds the record?
How much longer can that guy go on?
I hate when that happens.
I agree
Retirement may come soon.
Walter Payton
To be fair, there's no reason to be wearing flashy jewelry during an NFL game
Is he in the Hall of Fame?
Oh, very cool. He put points on the board last season.
Next thing we know, they will move one to the UK
How do you feel about the rules to the Touchdown celebration dance getting more relaxed?
He's just a great player.
That's also true, but the Rams haven't been good for a very long time either. The Chargers aren't good either right now.
Yeah, I think he's pretty good, too.
I don't know, I bet either one of them would have stuck it out for another year if they thought the Lions had a chance of winning a Super Bowl.
If the Raiders get a few more offensive weapons next year they could be really dangerous
They have to be the very best.
training camp starts in a few weeks I think I'll go watch a few
My point exactly.
That's what I'm talking about!
And, he didn't know how to use his players.
That's true, but I hate them so much.
This will probably be a year where both teams are out this year.
Any specific ones?
Wow, I missed that whole thing.
Well, if all the games we're on artificial turf, I'd go with Barry Sanders.
He was one of the most entertaining quarterbacks of last year.
Morten Andersen was automatic back in the day.
Exactly. Do you think Marshawn Lynch will stay healthy?
It was a good game
Yea, they did add Adrian Peterson, but it seems like he is washed up anyway.
We need to get tickets so we can take our hubbys to the game.
At least the Giants have stability at the QB position.
Drew Brees is our only hope to win another championship.
I always love watching my Broncos play against them - normally a great game
Little did we know Jim Harbaugh was even worse!
One of the things I heard was that they were considering putting sponsors on team jerseys.
And rightfully so! We have a long way to go.
Nah, they are invincible!
I'll give you that. But doesn't make them good.
Unfortunate. There were other big quarterback busts in the 1990s that get overshadowed.
Hopefully they make it hard for them THIS season.
I'll be hoping that happens all summer.
Absolutely not. It is a big waste of my time.
Yea, coming out of Ohio State I had my doubts about him. He has sure proved me wrong!
I see what you mean.
Of course. I'm a big Cowboys fan, so I'm trying to plan a trip to go see them.
I would say Aaron Rodgers
Really? I wouldn't have pegged them as frontrunners.
At least 10.
Just when you think Oakland is the new hot spot for sports, huh?
Yea, the defense can only do so much.
What is the argument against?
They went 14-0 against everyone in the league except the Titans. They went 0-3 against them.
No it usually  gets played on local networks but sometimes it depends on the large net work if they are going to play it.
I think they could win 12 games.
That was a good game!
Even putting aside the talk of the 2014 season, he's too injury prone to warrant the praise.
It's too bad they are moving to Vegas.  Oakland is one of the toughest places to play.
Especially with the talent up and down the roster.
Nah, I'm a Seahawks fan
Ill admit, the defenisve backs worry me.
I agree with you there. We can not simply be in the middle of the pack in every category and expect to make a run!
Yeah it was pretty amazing.
And, the Cardinals?
That hasn't happened often though and he has definitely scored more points than he has lost.
In that sense, football seems pretty interesting. Other sports don't have too much meta shift.
Yes I get that. But why publish all this though?
"They have to stop New England on the offensive and score when in the red zone."
I don't think they won though
Hopefully they deserve a break.
It would be nice if the schedule included a game against every other team.
With a basically healthy and full defensive roster for an entire season could they get it done?
I think that the Steeler's offense needs to be more aggresive.
Is he their quarterback?
What other players do you like?
Good idea! I will have to check online and see the at home schedule for the Panthers.
Yes, they should be ready for the Giants in October.
It is hard to see the damage until many years after most of the time.
I also think some of the Cowboys players have had some trouble with the law, right?
Ahh. What about the rest of the team?
What is your favorite part of the superbowl?
I would love to see the Titans pull it all together.
Yeah, but they all deserved it.
Really?
Yeah, they were considered the best team overall but they couldn't pull it together to beat New England in the Superbowl.
Kylie Minoque, Kim Kardashian, Kourtney Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, Kaitlyn Jenner, Kendall Jenner
Also he's working on beating a passing record as well.
You do know we are going after that ring this year?
It could also be that their coach happens to be fantastic.
I think Pederson could be good- but Laurie and Roseman needs to get him a good staff to work with
Yea, I agree and as he gets older, he has to stop doing that.
Well you know
I don't know if I should be betting $2.00 on a NFL game.....
No.  I haven't been to any games recently.
Do you like big or little logos.
I think they are kind of cocky. I have nothing personal against them really, they just win too much.
I'm not much of a Redskins fan.
Philip Rivers is a gun slinger.
The post-game coverage. They for some reason HAVE to examine the game on TV after it airs.
I could see him getting 20 TD's this year.
Who do you think will be in the Super Bowl?
How many points were scored?
I think Tony Romo will be a good broadcaster though.
Is Clay Matthews still on the Packers line up?
Neither is Jim Caldwell
Good one. Here's my next pick, Johnny Unitas.
That my friend is the million dollar question.
So the QB targets him more, it opens up other guys
Who else did you meet?
I don' t really know, they fired the GM, John Dorsey; relased their best receiver Jeremy Maclin so who knows.
I wouldn't rule that out, no. I could see him perhaps on Sports Center.
You doing any fantasy this year?
Yes, instant replay has changed the game and made you appreciate the subtleties.
Speaking of which, didn't that happen to their linebacker?
I wander how his stats are?
Yeah, they were 12-4 I think?
Better be
Yeah Minnesota was lucky to get him from the Eagles.
Do you have any opinions on the Redkins name controversy?
Maybe Kevin Hogan will throw some outstanding passes for them this year.
Oh, so you like to follow them together.
Really, it's pretty wide open in the NFC.
That was really good
Yea it has been that long.
Yea, both have almost no chance.
Enunwa is looking great this year.
Right.  A good OL makes all the difference.
Okay, well, we will have to see if he can make it happen.
Yeah, me neither.
The ol' Cowboy-Saints rivalry, eh?  I know how it is.
Well now we have a great overall team, I think he could do a lot with the personnel if he was our quarterback still.
There is a lot of factors.
I wonder what Don Shula would think?
Yeah, you just have to hope for an injury to the greatest quarterback ever.
Yeah, Ezekiel Elliott is awesome both athletic and personality wise.
Yeah! Derek Carr and that huge contract? Why not
It looks like its set for 1pm. Do you want to drive down here to see them?
Not at all, it just helped me remember the performance and why I've loved the team so long.
Who is Boldin on now?
At least we have good weapons
The Seahawks have a lot of great players - maybe they'll be in the Super Bowl this year.
Do you get rowdy?
He's surely right up there.
I am by no means counting them out and believe that either one or both of the teams have a decent shot to make the wild card round.
Oh, they all play in the same division right?
Do you personally like the rule changes that the NFL has instituted?
He did pretty good last year.
Flacco is an underrated QB.
Yea, I doubt they'll go back.
Detroit is still a threat as long as they have Matthew Stafford.
I have always love them
No way, Desmond Bryant played for the Crimson?
Nah, way better than Miami
I remember him playing at California, he ha a super strong arm.
I don't think I would want to go all the way to Vegas to see games though.
Yes, 3 new players.
So, is that your only solution for NFL in Europe?
It's just tough to see anyone taking down the Patriots. They just keep getting better.
It's so hard to choose, but I like defense so I think I'd say J. J. Watt
yep, but there defense wasn't exactly the best
Yeah, but football players always seem to get a bad rap.  Why is that?
Not for him. They still announced they had signed a trading card contract with him for the future.
That is actually one of my favorite teams.
The greatest pure passer was Marino though.
In a way, it doesn't matter. He's good at football.
Isn't that where Michael Jordan played?
Goes to show you how good that defense really was.
Yeah Yeah I hear you trash talking, but the season hasn't started yet and you will see.
I can see that. He was better as a rookie, but not too consistent.
They'd love to have him.
Yea, he is the foundation of the Seahawk's defense.
They do, but kind of like the Chiefs we haven't been able to put together a Super Bowl run lately.
And, after a couple of years, he moved on become the Offensive coordinator and then interim head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles.
Ugh.  So you're a Patriots fan then? I can't stand patriots fans.
Well I love it, the comradery, the athleticism, the sportsmanship, all of it.
What a waste of season tickets!
What about the Chiefs?
He was good, but you know who the man then was.
The Jeff Garcia comeback. I remember that game.
Is Lambeau field enclosed?
Yeah, they are very unique
oh the dude who couldn't win a super bowl
Really, how so?
Sounds wild!
I like to watch the Saints throw a lot of passes.
I know it was.
You really are a huge Eagles fan.
The NFL commission has said that the Raiders will play in Oakland for 2017 and 2018.
Well, I would be down for that. I just think there has to be more transparency.
Don't worry I'll bring my helmet this time, just remember your pads.
would have loved to see the look on the players faces when they got the play call
It's still highly possible that we see the Packers or the Cowboys go to the next Super Bowl.
You'd never know if one did
One of the best.
He said when he first announced he was retiring, if there was anyway he could return that he would.
I got to see his personality on his show.
He just refuses to go down. He drags people with him.
I remember. I was bummed out after seeing Jacksonville and Tampa not making it.
Probably. They found loaded dice on an acrhiological dig in the Holy Land. People always cheat.
I think Le'Veon Bell is going to do well for the Steelers.
I see your point.
What about the 49ers?
I'd hoped to see Philip Rivers and Antonio Gates.
Yes, but still not the greatest.
Is it oversized. I didn't even notice.
No, I think the loss in last year's super bowl will be too though to get over mentally.
Is Richie Incognito still on the team?
I'd be fine with them moving to a big city in the Midwest.
Well, that's three, guys.    Will talent win out?
Yeah absolutely.
Makes sense since you live in Texas now. So when Detroit and Dallas play who do you want to win?
That's crazy talk.  You obviously don't watch any games.
He passed away. Was sick with some liver disease.
Wait, that's how Briscoe became a receiver
Yeah, I don't go into my closet at night for fear of hanging myself.....hahahaha.........I don't expect much from the Browns that is for sure.
I know. I don't think he can totally be blamed for it, though.
I have always been a big fan of the Green Bay Packers. So I can not wait to see what they will do this year.
I still think I would choose Big Ben over Carr, just because he has experience.
He will be fifty I believe.
Well it has been a while at this point. I just wish we could get one more and I would be happy for a while!
Ok I'll take that.
I thought so
That's probably true.
I hope Jordy Nelson has a great year this year.
I think they got Michael Irvin at the same time as well.
Yes, but we still had fun and the balcont seats just covered us if it rained.
He's been around a while.
Yeah, I would love to have his billions.
So then how does one side get a huge unfair advantage if they are both throwing the same ball?
Does it matter?  It's New Englands league to lose.
they lost that game too, to the steelers. can you imagine that, losing the big game while in your own back yard?
Yeah, he had one of the greatest seasons of all time though.
That's cold blooded.
How does that help?
They are never out of it with him back there.
He was previously the offensive coordinator for the Bengals.
Not really, but Dolphins defensive Suh does have a fully guaranteed 3 year plus rolling guarantees for 18-20 so it's close.
Thats very true, he cant carry the team anymore like he used to.
Like when you would trade that one corner back after paying 96$ million.
Not bad.  Al Hirt and two college marching bands.
Why havent they offered him a long term contract?
THis is football!  Of course you are obsessed with scores!
Well the Colts defense hasn't helped him either.
Well, this one is directed right at you Washington.
Did you think Atlanta was going to win?
Answer.sentence16
What in the world does he do with that?
Yeah, that's what I meant about concerns, but lot of his teammates support his character so, the result could have been a false positive.
Yeah, we're the only team without a mascot.  The fans are the mascot for the Raiders.  The Black Hole is amazing.  People only think they're scary.
Those were great times.
The Giants stole all of our signals!  They cheated.
Yeah.
Will Elway ever come down and coach?
What's field position?
We'll see. However, their defense is probably worse situated than Tampa Bay.
Oh, thats cool, we will see how the Raiders do this year.
The Patriots have a nasty defense though too.
Me too!  Forget I brought it up.  This year we will make up for it and get back to the Super Bowl.
Games? Superbowls?
The Giants aren't all that bad if you can stand the fans.
It was really cool.
Becasue he thinks he should be making more money
I'm curious how much time someone like Brady exercises to stay in shape.
I believe he said that was when he turned it off.
Yes
That's very possible.
Their 1-15 record from last year is more than enough evidence for me to make up my mind about Hue Jackson as a head coach. In fact, I would say that DeShone Kizer is in a worse situation football-wise compared with Mitch Trubisky.
But they are always in it as long as they have Rogers.
I would love to see that game.
The front office made some great moves in re-loading our front line this off season. So I am hoping that works.
I know what you mean.  The Atlanta Falcons suck.
But you'd still be a fan if they were losing, wouldn't you?
Why?
If they get hurt early and ruin their NFL careers, so be it. It's a sport, not a job.
Yes he did, and for someone who was virtually run out of Pittsburgh I'd say that's quite the accomplishment
There definitely still needs to be some changes made in the protocol.  Hearing offseason stories like Tom Brady's wife saying he has had multiple concussions but never appearing on the injury report for them is concerning.
Yeah. I forgot about that.
Oh is that why you continue to follow them
Dude is a beast though.
Yeah, well all I can do is hope for the best.
Yes, all owners choose values for their business.
That's one of the main reasons I watch the game. So many good performers have performed there.
So, he's out for the season?
He's coming up on 300 touchdowns.
Both have been somewhat solid teams the last few years but fell short.
We will have to get them early, They sell out quickly.
I just want to make sure that the games aren't affected because the players are jet lagged by the trip.
What teams have you heard of.
Of course I got you a ticket.
And when he finally got some decent support crew like Terrell Davis, they won.
It certainly does.
True.  But I bet he doesn't play as well this year, knowing he's probably done with the Seahawks.
Are their families presenters too?
True.  But this year it will be different
And I'm not sure if he chose the correct platform.
No, I think they win this year because Matt Ryan is a more confident player now.
7 wins?
I would really love to see them win something it feels like a long time now.
He certainly did not. The Saints were awful for most of his career.
I'll have to admit, it was. But I think the Falcons gave it away more than the Patriots won it.
How often do they practice?
I miss Brett Favre though
Could be.
Oakland gets Derek Carr back and could be a threat but I can't see Alex Smith outgunning Tom Brady.
I sure hope so, otherwise it's going to be sack city again.
Umm I like the Browns.
I don't think they can, the ownership and management is pathetic.
I'm all for the changes
Don't be, you helped me admit it.
For another year.
The odds are 1 in 17,420,000.
Yea, New England just continues to get stronger and especially with their addition of a star cornerback.
No doubt! And I think the league is full of some really great teams now.
Exactly
You know nothing about football  !!  Alright genius  ell me who is going to win the AFC
Yes he is.
He did change the direction of any team he played for.
Yeah it is rather unfortunate.
How about if I check around and see what our options are?
Yeah, I know what you are saying.  Every year it's disappointing.
Makes a lot of sense now that I'm really thinking about it. What modern player would you compare Walter Payton to?
Easier said than done.
I agree if a lucky talented team has good chemistry they have an amazing chance at winning the Superbowl.
If they don't want to give him a good contract they should at least let him have the opportunity to play for another team.
Well if Michael Vick can get a second chance, I suppose anyone can
Well, Chuck Noll comes close.
Yeah, just can't win the big one.
In my opinion they allowed him to do it. They knew they would be looking at big pass plays.
The San Diego Chargers do too. They were the Los Angeles Chargers before moving to San Diego.
Oh yeah, is that so?
But it's still a violent game--if you limit the violence, can the NFL survive?
While Andrew Luck is a very talented quarterback, he is way too banged up to lead the Colts to success this year.
Yeah, at this rate he will be playing till 50.
I know.
Me too!
Matt Moore is back as the primary backup, and he is one of the best in the league.
With the way they are spread out over the seasons, it makes it easy to be a fan of all three.
Seahawks
Yes, after all we always come out of nowhere to win.
I agree. Their players aren't that good- the rookies either
That was probably the highlight of the entire Superbowl.
I think I would if I was the owner. I would want a fresh start.
It did when they Had Scott Tolzien starting
Get with the program man, he's probably going to move in front of Daniels.
Me either. But that was a strange game.
Ha. Well, At least we know one thing.
It looks like a blind painter made them
Oh, so no Jake Ballard/Kevin Boss type that can do both?
True, if he stays healthy though he should be solid.
Nope!
it is
I have heard my family complain about it but Bellicheck never got in trouble from the NFL so i assumed it didnt happen.
It was in Houston, Texas.
Because he is fast, funny and righteous. He is a good loser and an even better winner because he is a good person.
can't be worse than cutler
I'm anxious to see the new statistics.
I could imagine.
Sure peytons good but hes no tom brady
Well they just hired some new folks to change up their logo and marketing. Maybe that will help!
They will win by only 7.
Marvin would make great cuts to get open but if the ball wasn't a good throw Marvin wasn't going to get it.
I think they win twelve games this year.
The Cowboys rookie last year did good for Tony Romo.
I'm guessing 9, but I'm hoping for many more.
I bet they make excellent coaches.
How so?
Not really, if their defense was better they could have won the Super Bowl.
I will say that I think the hand-size argument is a little overblown. Tony Romo has similarly small hands, too.
How do these team stay in business?
Who is the Dallas Cowboys' starting QB this year?
He made it to the NFL so he must have had some skills.
No, they do pretty good I guess.
They are going against the steelers
Figures, that's always the case it seems.
Yes, arrowhead is my favorite stadium, the fans are crazy.
Yeah, even with the slow start last year he managed to turn it around, like usual.
It would be an improvement on your part.
Yes I root for them But my Husband is a Saints fan.
Just not your favorite?
I know! I can't believe they won the Super Bowl in such fashion.
Todd Bowles is an awesome coach.  Former Temple and Eagles coach.
Does he still have it.
I feel like Peyton Manning controlled games like no other quarterback in NFL history has ever done before.
The Chiefs, of course.
I think there is a spin, but you also have a point.
Personally, I think he would have stayed with San Francisco if he hadn't injured his elbow.
Rarely will I go to a bar. Usually at my home or a friends'. Small and quiet.
Carolina is solid but the Saints run the East now!
I wouldn't mind. But I also wouldn't want players getting injured because they are playing too much.