librivox.org read and recorded by Catherine Eastman www.stanford.edu Tilda Eastman on March 24th, 2006 Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 7 the home under the ground one of the first things Peter did next day was to measure Wendy and John and Michael for hollow trees hook you remember have sneered at the boys for thinking they needed a tree a piece but this was ignorance for unless your tree fitted you it was difficult to go up and down and no two of the boys were quite the same size. Once you fitted you drew in your breath at the top and stone you went at exactly the right speed while to ascend you drew in and flat-out alternately and so wrinkled up, of course when you have mastered the action you are able to do these things without thinking of them and nothing can be more graceful, but you simply must fit and Peter measures you for your tree as carefully as for a suit of clothes the only difference being that it's the clouds are made to fit you while you Have to be made to fit the tree. Usually it is done quite easily as by you're wearing too many garments or too few. But if you are bumpy in awkward places or the only available tree is an odd shape Peter does some things to you. And after that you fit once you fit great care must be taken to go on fitting and this as Wendy was to discover to her Delight keeps a whole family in perfect condition. Wendy and Michael fitted their trees at the first try but John had to be altered a little After a few days practice, they could go up and down as Gailey as buckets in a well and how ardently they grew to love their home under the ground. Especially Wendy. It's consisted of one large room as all houses should to do with a floor in which you could dig if you wanted to go fishing and in this floor Brew stuff to mushrooms of a Charming color, which were used as tools and never treat ride hard to grow in the center of the room, but every morning they saw to the trunk through level with the floor by tee time, it was always about 2 feet high and then they put a door on top of it the whole thus becoming a table as soon as they cleared away. They sawed off the trunk again and us there was more room to play. There was an enormous fireplace which was in almost any part of the room where you cared to like it and across this when they stretched strings made of fiber from which she suspended her washing the bed was tilted against the wall by day and let's down at 6:30 when it filled nearly half the room and all the boys slept in it except Michael Li in like sardines in a 10. There was a strict rule against turning round until one gave the signal when all turned it once. Michael should have used it also, but Wendy would have a baby and he was the littlest and you know, what women are and the short and long of it is the tea was hung up in a basket. It was rough and simple. It was not unlike what baby bears would have made of an underground house in the same circumstances, but there was one recessed in the wall. No larger than a Birdcage which was the private apartment of Tinkerbell. It could be shut off from the rest of the house by a tiny curtain which tank who was most fastidious always kept drawn when dressing or undressing no woman. However, large could have had a more Exquisite Boudoir and bedchamber combined the couch as she always called. It was a genuine Queen Mab with Club legs and she buried the bedspreads according to what fruit Blossom was in season. Her mirror was a Puss in Boots of which there are now only three unchipped known to Ferry dealers. The washstand was pie crust and reversible the chest of drawers and authentic Charming the sixth and the carpets and rugs the best the early. Of Marjorie and Robin there was a chandelier from tiddlywinks for the look of the thing. But of course, she lets the residents herself tank was very contemptuous of the rest of the house as indeed was perhaps inevitable and her chamber though, beautiful looked rather conceited having the appearance of a nose permanently turned up. I suppose it was all especially entrancing to Wendy because those Rampages boys of hers gave her so much to do really there were whole weeks when except perhaps with a stocking in the evening. She was never above ground the cooking I can tell you kept her nose to the pot and even if there was nothing in it, even if there was no pot she had to keep watching that it came a boil just the same you never exactly knew whether there would be a real meal or just a make believe it's all depended upon Peters when he could eat really eat if it was part of a game, but he could not stop just to feel stodgy which is what most children like better than anything else the next best thing being to talk about it. Make believe was so real to him that during a meal of it. You could see him getting rounder. Of course. It was trying but you simply had to follow his lead and if you could prove to him that you were getting loose for your tree he let you starch. Wendy's favorites time for sewing and darning was after they had all gone to bed. Then as she expressed it. She had a breathing time for herself and she occupied it and making new things for them and putting double pieces on the knees for they were almost frightfully hard on their knees. When she sat down to a basket full of their stockings every heel with a hole in it. She would fling up her arms and exclaim poder. I am sure I sometimes think spinsters are to be envied. Her face beamed when she exclaimed this. You remember about her pet wolf? Well it very soon discovered that she had come to the island and it found her out and they just ran into each other's are after that. It followed her about everywhere. As Time wore on did she think much about the Beloved parents? She had left behind her. This is a difficult question because it is quite impossible to say how time does we're on in the neverland where it is calculated by moons and Suns and there are ever so many more of them than on the mainland, but I am afraid that when dude it's not really worried about her father and mother she was absolutely confident that they would always keep the window open for her to fly back by and face gave her complete ease of mind. What did disturb her at times was that John remembered his parents vaguely only as people. He had once known while Michael was quite willing to believe that she was really his mother these things scared her a little and nobly anxious to do her Duty. She tried to fix the old life in their minds by setting them examination papers on it as like as possible to the ones she used to do at school the other boys thought this awfully interesting and insisted on joining and they made slaves for themselves and sat around the table writing and thinking hard about the questions. She had written on another slate and passed around. They were the most ordinary questions. What was the color of Mother's Eyes which was taller father or mother was Mother blond or brunette answer all three questions if possible. Write an essay of not less than 40 words on how I spent my last holidays or the characters of father and mother compared only one of these to be attempted or 1 describe mother's laugh to describe father's laugh 3 describe mother's party dress for describe the kennel and it's inmate. They were just everyday questions like these and when you could not answer them you were told to make a cross and it was really Dreadful. What a number of crosses even John made. Of course, the only boy who replied to every question was slightly and no one could have been more hopeful of coming out first, but his answers were perfectly ridiculous, and he really came out to last a Melancholy thing. Peter did not compete for one thing. He despised all mothers except Wendy and for another he was the only boy on the island who could neither right nor spell not the smallest word. He was above all that sort of thing. By the way, the questions were all written in the past tense. What was the color of mother's eyes and so on Wendy UC had to been forgetting to Adventures, of course as we shall see where of daily occurrence but about this time Peter invented with Wendy's help a new game that fascinated him enormously until he suddenly had no more interest in it, which as you have been told was what always happened with his games it consisted in pretending not to have adventures in doing the sort of thing John and Michael had been doing all their lives sitting on stools flinging balls in the air pushing each other going out for walks and coming back without having killed so much as a Grizzly to see Peter doing nothing on a stool was a great sight. He could not help looking solemn at such times to sit still seems to him such a comic thing to do. He boasted that he had gone walking for the good of his health. For several Sons. These were the most novel of all Adventures to him and John and Michael had to pretend to be delighted also. Otherwise, he would have treated them severely. He often went out alone. And when he came back, you were never absolutely certain whether he had had an adventure or not. He might have forgotten it so completely that he said nothing about it. And then when you went out to you found the body and on the other hand, he might say a great deal about it and yet you could not find the body. Sometimes he came home with his head bandaged and then Wendy could over him and baste it in lukewarm water while he told a dazzling tail, but she was never quite sure, you know, there were however many Adventures which she knew to be true because she was in them herself and there were still more that were at least partway true for the other boys were in them and said they were wholly true. To describe them all would require a book as large as an English Latin Latin English dictionary and the most we can do is to give one as a specimen of an average hour on the island. The difficulty is which one to choose should we take the brush with the Redskins at a slightly Gulch. It was a sanguinary affair and especially interesting as showing one of Peter's peculiarities, which was that in the middle of a fight. He would suddenly change sides at The Gulch when victory was still in the balance, sometimes leading this way and sometimes that called out I'm Redskin today. What are you two tools and toodles answered Redskin? What are units and Hempstead Redskin? What are you twin? And so on and they were all Redskins and of course this would have ended the fight had not to the real Redskins fascinated by Peter's methods agreed to be lost boys for that once and so addict they all went again more fiercely than ever. The extraordinary upshot of this adventure was but we have not decided yet that this is the adventure we are to narrate perhaps a better one would be the 9th attack by the Redskins on the house under the ground when several of them stuck in the hollow trees and had to be pulled out like corks or we might tell how Peter save Tiger Lillies life in the mermaids Lagoon and so made her his ally or we could tell of that cake the Pirates cooked so that the boys might eat his head parish and how they placed it in 1 cutting spots after another but always Wendy snatched it from the hands of her children. So that's in time. It's lost its succulents and became as hard as a stone and was used as a missile and took fell over at 2 in the dark. Or suppose we tell if the birds that were Peter's friends particularly of the never Bird that's built in a tree overhanging the Lagoon and how the nest fell into the water and still the birds sat on her eggs and Peter gave orders that she was not to be disturbed that is a pretty story and the end shows how grateful a bird can be. But if we tell it we must also tell the whole adventure of the Lagoon, which would of course be telling to Adventures rather than just one a shorter adventure and quite as exciting was Tinkerbell's attempt with the help of some street fairies to have the sleeping Wendy convey on a great Floating Leaf to the mainland. Fortunately the leaf gave way and Wendy woke thinking it was bath time and swam back. Or again, we might choose Peters Defiance of the Lions when he drew a circle around him on the ground with an arrow and dared them to cross it and though he waited for hours with the other boys and Wendy looking on breathlessly from trees. Not one of them dared to accept his challenge. Which of these Adventures shall we choose the best way will be to toss for it? I have tossed and the Lagoon has one. This almost makes one wish that The Gulch or the cake or tanks Leaf had one, of course, I could do it again and make it to best out of three. However, perhaps fairest to stick to the Lagoon. end of chapter 7 of Peter Pan