recording by Meredith Hughes Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 1 Peter breaks through All children except one grow up. They soon know that they will grow up and the way Wendy knew was this one day when she was 2 years old. She was playing in a garden and she popped another flower and ran with it to her mother. I suppose she must have looked rather delightful for mrs. Darling put her hand to her heart and cried a why can't you remain like this forever? This was all that passed between them on the subject. But henceforth Wendy knew that she must grow up. You always know after you are too to is the beginning of the end. Of course, they lived it 14 and until Wendy came her mother was the chief one. She was a lovely lady with a romantic mind and such a sweet mocking mouth. Romantic mind was like the tiny boxes one within the other that come from the puzzling East. However many you discovered. There's always one more and her sweet mocking mouth had one kiss on it that Wendy could never get so there it was perfectly conspicuous in the right-hand corner. The way Mr. Darling won her was this the many gentleman who had been boys when she was a girl discovered simultaneously, but they loved her and they all ran to her house to propose to her except Mr. Darling who took a cab nipton first, and so he got her he got all of her except the innermost box and the kiss. He never knew about the box and in time he gave up trying for the kiss. Wendy thought Napoleon could have got it, but I can picture him trying and then going off in a passion slamming the door. Mr. Darling used to boast too windy, but her mother not only loved him but respected him. He was one of those deep ones who know about stocks and shares. Of course, no one really knows but he quite seems to know and he often said stocks were up and shares were down in a way. That would have made any woman respect him. Mrs. Darling was married in white and at first she kept the books perfectly almost gleefully as if it were a game not so much as a brussel sprout was missing but by-and-by whole cauliflower has dropped out and instead of them there were pictures of babies without faces. She threw them when she should have been totting up. They were Mrs. Darling's guesses. Wendy came first Ben John then Michael. 4 week or two after Wendy came it was doubtful whether they would be able to keep her as she was another mouth to feed. Mr. Darling was frightfully proud of her, but he was very honorable and he sat on the edge of Mrs. Darling's dead holding her hand and calculating expenses while she looked at him imploringly. She wanted to come with me, but that was not his way his way was with a pencil and a piece of paper and if she confused him with suggestions he had to bet begin at the beginning again. Now don't interrupt you would beg of her. I have one pound 17 here and 2 and 6 at the office. I can cut off my coffee at the office a 10 Shillings making to 9 and 6 with your 18 + 3 makes 3 9-7 with 5. Not not in my checkbook makes 897. Who is that moving a 9-7. And carry 7 don't speak my own and you let the Batman who came to the door quiet child. And carry child there. You've done it to 997. Yes. I said 997 the question is can we try it for a year? 997 oras weekend George she cried but she was prejudiced in Wendy's favor and he was really the Grandeur character of the two. Remember mumps he warned her almost threatening me and off you went again mom's one pound that is what I put down. But I daresay it will be more like thirty Shillings don't speak measles 15 German Measles half a guinea make stew 15-6 don't Bible your finger whooping cough say fifteen Shillings and so on it went and it added up differently each time, but it lasts Wendy just got through with mumps reduced to 12 six and the two kinds of measles treated as one there was the same excitement over John and Michael had even an arrow or squeak but both were capped and soon he might have seen the three of them going in a row to miss folsom's kindergarten school accompanied by their nurse. Mrs. Darling left to have everything just so and Mr. Darling had a passion for being exactly like his neighbors. So, of course they had a nurse. They were poor going to the amount of milk the children drank. This nurse was a prim Newfoundland dog called Nana who it belong to no one in particular until the Darlings engaged her. Chit always about children important. However, and The Darlings had become acquainted with her and Kensington Gardens where she spent most of her Spare Time peeping into perambulators and was much hated by careless nursemaid who she followed to their homes and complained up to their mistresses. She proved to be quite a treasure of a nurse helped throw. She was at that time and up at any moment of the night. If one of her charges made the slightest Cry, of course, her kennel was in the nursery. She had a genius for knowing when a cough is a thing to have no patience with and when it needs a stocking around your throat. She believed her last day in old-fashioned remedies, like rhubarb, please and made sounds of contempt over all this newfangled talk about germs and so on. It was a lesson in propriety to see her escorting the children to school walking sedately by their side when they were well-behaved and putting them back into line if they strayed. Anjaan Socrates. She never once forgot his sweater and she usually carried an umbrella in her mouth in case of rain. There's a room in the basement of miscible some school where the nurses wait they sat on forms while Nana lay on the floor, but that was the only difference they affected you ignore her as of an inferior social status to themselves and she despised they're like talk she resented visits the nursery from Mrs. Darling's friends, but if they did come she first whipped off Michael's pinafore and put him in the one with blue braiding and smooth that Wendy and made a dash at John's hair. No Nursery could possibly have been conducted more correctly and Mr. Darling knew it yet. He sometimes wondered uneasily whether the neighbors talked. He had his position in the city to consider. Then also troubled him in another way. He had sometimes a feeling that she did not admire him. I know she admires you tremendously George mrs. Darling would assure him and then she would sign to the children to be specially nice to father. Lovely dances followed in which the only other servant Liza was sometimes allowed to join such a midget. She looked in her long skirt and needs cat though. She had sworn when engaged that you would never see 10 again. The gay deities Rob's the gayest of all was mrs. Darling hoop are wet so wildly that all you could see if her with the kiss and then if you had dashed it her he might have got it there never was a simpler happier family until the coming of Peter Pan. Mrs. Darling first heard of Peter when she was tidying up her children's Minds. Is the nightly custom of every good mother after her children are asleep to Rummage in their minds and put things straight for the next morning repacking into their proper places. The many articles that have wandered during the day. If you could keep awake, but of course, you can't you would see your own mother doing this and you would find it very interesting to watch her. It is quite like tidying up drawers. You would see her on her knees. I expect lingering humorously over some of your contents wondering where on Earth you would pick this thing up making Discovery sweet and not-so-sweet pressing this to her cheek as if it were as nice as a kitten and her at least doing that out of sight when you wake in the morning the naughtiness and evil passions with what you went to bed have been folded up small and placed at the bottom of your mind and on the top beautiful be aired are spread out. You're prettier thoughts ready for you to put on. I don't know whether you've ever seen a map of a person's mind doctor sometimes draw maps of other parts of you and your own nap can become intensely interesting but catch them trying to draw a map of a child's mind which is not only confused but keeps going around all the time. There's exact lines on it just like your temperature on a card and these are probably roads in the island and the neverland is always more or less an island with astonishing splashes of color here and there and coral reefs and rakish looking craft in the offing and Savages and lonely layers and gnomes were mostly Taylor's in caves through which river runs and princes with six older brothers and hot fast going to Decay and one very small old lady with a hooked nose. It would be an easy map if that were all but there is also first day of school religion father's the Round Pond needlework murders hangings verbs that take the dative chocolate pudding day getting into braces say 99 three Pence for pulling out your tooth yourself and so on and I do these are part of the island, but they are another map showing through and it is all rather confusing especially is nothing will stand still. Of course The Neverland's very a good deal John's for instance had a lagoon with flamingos flying over it at which John was shooting while Michael who is very small had a flamingo with legumes flying over it John Legend a boat turned upside down on the Sands Michael In A Wigwam Wendy and a house of leaves deathly sewn together. John had no friends. Michael had friends at night. When do you get a pet wolf forsaken by its parents? But on the whole The Neverland's have a family resemblance and if they stood in a row, you could save them that they have each other's nose and so forth. Annie's magic Shores children at player forever beaching their coracles. We too have been there we can still hear the sound of the surf that we shall and no more. Of all the electrical Islands the neverland is the snuggest and most compact not large and Sproul, you know with tedious distances between one Adventure in another but nicely crammed. When you play at it by day with the chairs in the table cloth, it is not in the least alarming but in the two minutes before you go to sleep, it becomes very nearly real that is why there Night Lights. Occasionally and her travels through her children's Minds mrs. Darling found thing. She could not understand and if he's quite the most perplexing with the word Peter. She knew of no Peter and yet he was here and there and John and Michael's Minds. Well Wendy's begin to be scrolled all over with him. The name stood out in Boulder letters than any of the other words and is mrs. Darling gazed she felt it had an awfully cocky appearance. Yes, he is rather cocky. When do you admitted with regret her mother had been questioning her? But who is he my pet? Is Peter Pan, you know mother? At first mrs. Darling did not know but after thinking back into her childhood, she just remember to Peter Pan who was said to live with the fairies. There were odd stories about him as that when children died. He went part of the way with them so that they should not be frightened. Can't believe in him at the time, but now that she was married and full of sense. She quite doubted whether there was any such person. Besides she said to Wendy he would be grown up by this time. I know he is a grown up. When do you shirt or confidently and he is just my size. She said that he was her size and both mind and body. She didn't know how she knew it. She just knew it. Mrs. Darling consulted mr. Darling, but he smiled poo poo. Mark my words he said it is just some nonsense. Nana has been putting into their heads. Just the sort of idea dog would have leave it alone and it will blow over. But it would not blow over and soon the Troublesome boy gave mrs. Darling quite a shock. Children have the strangest Adventures without being troubled by them friends since they may remember to mention a week after the event happened that when they were in the wood they met their dead father and had a game with him. It was in this casual way that Wendy one morning made it disquieting revelation. Some leaves of a tree had been found on the nursery floor, but certainly were not there when the children went to bed and mrs. Darling was puzzling over them. When Wendy said for the tolerant smile, I do believe it. Is that Peter again? Whatever do you mean Wendy? It is so naughty of him not to wipe Wendy said sign she was a tiny child. She explained in quite a matter-of-fact way that you thought Peter sometimes came to the nursery in the night and sat on the foot of her bed and played on his pipes to her. Unfortunately. She never woke so she didn't know that she knew she just knew. What nonsense you talk precious? No one can get into the house without knocking. when she comes by the window, she said My love, it is three floors up. We're not the leaves at the foot of the window mother. It was quite true. The leaves had been found very near the window. This is starting to not know what to think for it all seems so natural to Wendy that you could not dismiss it by saying that she had been dreaming. My child the mother cried. Why did you not tell me if this before? I forgot said Monday lately. She was in a hurry to get her breakfast. Oh surely. She must have been dreaming. But on the other hand, there were the leads mrs. Darling examine them carefully. They were skeleton leaves, but she was sure they did not come from any tree that grew in England. She called about the floor. It with a candle for Mark's of the strange, but she rattled the poker up the chimney and tap the walls. She let a take down from the window to the pavement and it was a sheer drop of 30 feet without so much as a spout to climb up by. Certainly. Wendy have been dreaming. Wendy have not been dreaming at the very next night showed the night on which the extraordinary Adventures of these children may be said to have begun. I'm going to be speaker of all the children were once more in bed. It happened to be Nana's evening off and mrs. Darling had beat them and Sons them till one by one. They had let go her hand and slid away into the land of sleep. All were looking so safe and cozy that she smiled at her fears now and sat down triangle by the fire too. So It was something for Michael who on his birthday was getting into shirts. The fire was warm, however, and the nursery dimly-lit at 3 night lights and presently the sewing land. This is Darling slap then her head nodded. Oh so gracefully. She was asleep. Look at the four of them Wendy and Michael over there John here and mrs. Darling by the fire. There should have been a fourth night light. While she slept she had a dream. She jumped at the neverland to come to near and that a strange boy had broken through from it. Did not alarm her for she thought she had seen him before in the faces of many women who have no children. Perhaps used to be found in the phases of some mothers also. But in Her Dream, he had rent the film that it scares the neverland and she saw Wendy and John and Michael peeping through the gap. The dream by itself would have been a trifle. But while she was dreaming the window of the nursery blue open and a boy did drop on the floor. She was accompanied by a strange light no bigger than your fist which started about the room like a living thing. And I think it must have been this life week and mrs. Darling. She started up with a cry and saw the boy and somehow she knew at once that he was Peter Pan if you or I or Wendy had been there. We should have seen that he was very like Mrs. Darling's kiss. He was a lovely boy cloud and skeleton leaves in the juices that moves out of trees, but the most entrancing thing about him was that he had all his first teeth when he saw she was a grown-up in little pearls are end of chapter one recorded by Meredith fuse Little Compton, Rhode Island December 30th 2005