Haitian or to volunteer, please. Visit librivox.org recording by Becky Miller Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 9 the never bird the last sound Peter heard before he was quite a loan where the mermaids retiring one by one to their bedchambers Under the Sea. He was too far away to hear their door shut. But every door in the coral caves where they live Rings the tiny bell when it opens or closes as in all the nicest houses on the mainland and he heard the bells steadily the waters Rose till they were nibbling at his feet and to pass the time until they made their final gulp. He watched. The only thing on the Lagoon was a piece of floating paper, perhaps part of the kite and wondered Isley how long it would take to drift ashore. Presently he noticed as an odd thing that it was undoubtedly out upon the Lagoon with some definite purpose for it was fighting the tide and sometimes winning and when that one teacher always sympathetic to the weaker side could not help laughing. It was such a gallant piece of paper. It was not really a piece of paper. It was the never bird making desperate efforts to reach Peter on the nest by working her wings in a way. She had learned since the nest fell into the water. She was able to some extent to guide her strange craft. But by the time Peter recognized her she was very exhausted. She had come to save him to give him her nest though. There were eggs in it. I rather Wonder it's a bird for though. He had been nice to her. He had also sometimes tormented her. I can suppose only that like mrs. Darling and the rest of them she was melted because he had all his first teeth. She called out to him what she had come for and he called out to her what she was doing there. But of course neither of them understood the other's language in fanciful stories. People can talk the birds freely and I wish for the moment. I could pretend that this were such a story and say that Peter replied intelligently to the never bird, but truth is best and I want to tell you only what really happened. Not only could they not understand each other, but they forgot Their Manners. I want you to get into the nest the bird called speaking is slowly and distinctly as possible and then you can drift ashore but I am too tired to bring it nearer. So you must try to swim to it. What are you quacking about Peter answered? Why don't you let the nest drift as usual? I want you to bird said and repeated it all over. Then Peter tried slow and distinct. What are you cracking about? And so on the never bird became irritated. They have very short tempers. You dunderheaded little Jay she screamed. Why don't you do what I tell you. Peter felt that she was calling him names another venture he retarded hotly so are you Then rather curiously they both snapped out the same remark. Shut up. Shut up. Nevertheless the bird was determined to save him if she could and buy one last Mighty effort. She propelled The Nest against The Rock then up. She flew deserting her eggs. So is to make her meaning clear? Then it lasts he understood and clutched the nest and waved his thanks to the bird as she fluttered overhead. It was not to receive his thanks. However, that she hung there in the sky. It was not even to watch him get into the nest. It was to see what he did with her eggs. There were two large white eggs and Peter lifted them up and reflected the bird covered her face with her wings. So as not to see the last of them, but she could not help peeping between the feathers. I forgot whether I have told you that there was a stave on the Rock driven into it by some Buccaneers of long ago to Mark the site of buried treasure. The children had discovered the glittering horse and win in a mischievous mood used to fling Showers of moidores diamonds pearls and Pieces Of Eight to the gulls who pounced upon them for food and then flew away raging at the scurvy trick that have been played upon them. The Stave was still there and on its turkey had hung his hat a deep tarpaulin watertight with a broad brim Peter put the eggs into this hat and set it on the Lagoon it floated beautifully. The never bird saw at once what he was up to and screamed her admiration of him and the last Peter Crow disagreement with her then he got into the nest rear The Stave and it has amassed and hung up his shirt for sale at the same moment the bird fluttered down upon the hat and once Morris at snuggly on her eggs. She drifted in One Direction and he was born off in another both cheering. Of course when Peter landed he beached his bark small ship actually the never birds nest in this particular case in point in a place where the bird would easily find but the house was such a great success that she abandoned the nest and drifted about till it went to pieces and often Starkey came to the shore of the Lagoon and with many bitter feelings watch the bird sitting on his hat. As we shall not see her again. It may be worth mentioning here that all never Birds now build in that shape of nest with a broad brim on which the youngsters taken airing. Great, where the rejoicing when Peter reach the home under the ground almost as soon as Wendy would have been carried Hitler in those are by the kite every boy had Adventures to tell Ops the biggest adventure of all was that they were several hours late for bed. This so inflated them that they did various dodgy things to get stay still longer such as demanding bandages Wendy the glorifying and having them all home again safe and sound was scandalized by the lateness of the hour and cried too bad to bed in a voice that had to be obeyed next day or however, she was awfully tender and gave out bandages to everyone and they played Jill bedtime at limping about and carrying their arms in slings. end of chapter 9