librivox.org recording by Peter Eastman, July 29th, 2006 Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 2 The Shadow mrs. Darling screamed and is it an answer to a bell the door opened and Nana entered returned from her evening out. She growled and sprang at the boy who slapped lightly through the window. Again mrs. Darling screamed this time in distress for him for she thought he was killed and she ran down into the street to look for his little body, but it was not fair as she looked up at in the black night. She could see nothing but what she thought was a shooting star. She returns to the nursery with something in her mouth, which proved to be the boys Shadow has he left at the window man? I had closed it quickly too late to catch him. But his shadow has not had time to get out slam when the window and snapped It Off. You may be sure mrs. Darling examines the shadow carefully, but it was quite the ordinary kind. Now that's hatch. No doubt of what was the best thing to do with this Shadow? She hung it out at the window. Meaning he is sure to come back for it. Let us put it where he can get it easily without disturbing the children. But unfortunately mrs. Darling could not leave it hanging out at the window. It looks so like the washing the whole tone of the house. She thought of showing it to Mr. Darling, but he was cutting up winter greatcoats for John and Michael with a wet towel around his head to keep his brain Clear and it seemed a shame to trouble him besides. She knew exactly what he would say is all comes of having a dog for a nurse. He decided to roll the shadow up and put it away carefully in a drawer until a fitting opportunity came for telling her husband Tommy. The opportunity came a week later on that never-to-be-forgotten Friday, of course, it was a Friday. I ought to have been specially careful on a Friday. She used to say afterwards to her husband while perhaps was on the other side of her holding her hand. No, no. Mr. Darling always said I am responsible for it all by George darling get it. He had had a classical education. Face at this night after night recalling that fatal Friday till every detail of it was stamped on their brains and came through on the other side like the faces on the bad coinage. If only I had not accepted that invitation to dine at 27 mrs. Darling said If only I had not poured my medicine into Nana's Bowl said Mr. Darling. If only I had pretended to like the medicine was watching that has wet I said My liking for parties George my fatal gift for humor Dearest. Send one or more of them would break down altogether Nana afterthought it's true. It's true. They ought not to have had a dog for a nurse. Many a time it was Mr. Darling who put the handkerchief to Nana's eyes that feed Mr. Darling would cry as Nana's bark was the echo of it, but mrs. Darling never upgraded Peter. There was something in the right-hand corner of her mouth that wanted her not to call Peter names. They would sit there in the empty Nursery recalling. Fondly every smallest detail of that Dreadful evening. It had begun. So uneventfully, so precisely like a hundred other evenings with Nana putting on the water for Michael's path and carrying him to it on her back. I won't go to bed. He had shouted like one who still believed that he had the last word on the subject. I won't I won't Nana it isn't 6 and love you anymore. I tell you I won't be based. I won't I won't. Then mrs. Darling can come in wearing for white evening gown, she had to trust early because Wendy so love to see her in her evening gown with the necklace. George had given her. She was wearing Wendy's bracelet on her arm. She had asked for the loan if it Wendy love to lend her bracelets to her mother. She had found her two older children playing at being herself and father on the occasion of Wendy's birth and John was saying I am happy to inform you mrs. Darling that you are now a mother in just such a tone as Mr. Darling himself may have used under real occasion. Wendy has danced with joy just as the real mrs. Darling. I must have done. Then John was born with the extra pump that he conceived due to the birth of a male and Michael came from his bath to ask to be born also, but John said brutally that they did not want anymore. Michael had nearly cried. Nobody wants me. He said and of course the lady in the evening dress could not stand that I do. She said I so want a third child boy or girl asked Michael to hopefully then he had left into her arms such a little thing for mr. And mrs. Darling and Nana to recall now, but not so little if that was to be Michael's last night in the nursery. They go on with the recollections. It was then that I rushed in like a tornado wasn't it Mr. Darling would say scorning himself and indeed. He had been like a tornado. Perhaps there was some excuse for him. He too has been dressing for the party and all had gone well with him until he came to his tie. It isn't a standing thing to have to tell but this man so he knew about stocks and shares had no real Mastery of his high. Sometimes the thing yielded to him without the contest but there were occasions when it would have been better for the house if he had swallowed his pride and used a made-up pie. This was such an occasion. He came rushing into the nursery with a crumbled little brute of a tie in his hand. What is the matter father dear matter he yelled. He really yelled this tie. It will not die. He became dangerously sarcastic not round my neck around the bedpost. Oh, yes 20 times have I made it up round cement post around my neck. No odierno begs to be excused. He thought mrs. Darling was not sufficiently impressed. And he went on sternly I warned you of this mother that unless this tie is round my neck. We don't go out to dinner tonight. And if I don't go out to dinner tonight, I never go to the office again. And if I don't go to the office again, you and I starve and our children will be flooding into the streets. Even said mrs. Darling was Placid. She said and indeed that was what he had come to ask her to do and with her nice quote pants. She tied his tie for him well to Children stood around to see their fate decided. Somebody would have resented her being able to do it so easily but Mr. Darling has far too fine a nature for that. He takes her carelessly at once forgot his rage and in another moment was dancing around the room with Michael on his back. Wildly, we romped says mrs. Darling now. We calling it our last romp Mr. Darling Road. Remember Michael. Finley said to me. How did you get to know me mother? I remember. They were rather sweet don't you think George? And they were ours hours and now they are gone. The Rock had ended with the appearance of Nana and most unluckily Mr. Darling collided against her covering his trousers with hairs. They were not only new trousers. But if they were the first he had ever had with braids on them and he had had to bite his lip to prevent the tears coming. Of course mrs. Darling brushed him, but he began to talk again about his being a mistake to have a dog for a nurse. George Nana is a treasure. No doubt that I have an uneasy feeling at times that she looks upon the children as puppies feel sure. She knows they have souls. I wonder Mr. Darling said thoughtfully, I wonder. It was an opportunity his wife felt for telling him about the boy at first he pooh-poohed the story, but he became thoughtful when she showed him the shadow. It is nobody. I know he's had examining it carefully, but it does look a scoundrel. We were still discussing it. You remember says Mr. Darling when Nana came in with Michael's medicine, you will never carry the bottle in your mouth again Nana and it is all my fault. Strongman, so he was there is no doubt that he had behaved rather foolishly over the medicine if he had a weakness it was for thinking that all his life. He has taken medicine boldly. And so now when Michael dodged the spoon and now his mouth he had said reprovingly be a man Michael. How old Michael Crichton ottilie mrs. Darling left the room to get a chocolate for him? I did mr. Darling thought the showed want of firmness mother don't pamper him. He called after her Michael when I was your age. I took medicine without a murmur. I said thank you kind parents for giving me bottles to make me well. Can't really thought this was true and Wendy who is now in her nightgown believed it also and she said to encourage Michael medicine you sometimes take father is much nastier, isn't it ever so much nice to hear Mr. Darling said bravely and I would take it now as an example to you Michael if I hadn't lost the bottle. He has not exactly lost it. He had climbed into dead of knife to the top of the Wardrobe and hid it there what he did not know was that the faithful Liza had found it and put it back on his washed and I know where it is father when he cried always glad to be of service. I'll bring it and she was off before he could stop her. immediately his Spirit Psych in the strangest way John he said shuttering its most beastly stuff. It's that nasty sticky sweet kind. It will soon be over Father John said cheerily and then in rushed Wendy with the medicine in a glass I have been as quick as I could she panted. You have been wonderfully quick her father recorded with a vindictive politeness. That was quite thrown away upon her Michael first. He said it's dogged Lee father. First said Michael who was of a suspicious nature. I shall be sick. You know, Mr. Darling said threateningly. Come on Father Ted Shawn hold your tongue John. His father wrapped out. Wendy was quite puzzled. I thought you took it quite easily father. That is not the point. He retorted. The point is that there is more in my class today in Michael spoon. His proud heart was nearly bursting isn't fair. I would say it though. It were with my last breath. It isn't fair. Father I'm waiting said Michael coldly. It's all very well to say you are waiting. So am I waiting father's a cowardly custard? So are you a cowardly custard? I'm not frightened. Neither. Am I frightened wealth and take it? Well, then you take it. Wendy had a splendid idea. Why not both take it at the same time. Certainly said Mr. Darling. Are you ready Michael? Wendy gave the words one, two, three and Michael took his medicine, but Mr. Darling slipped his behind his back. There was a yellow of range from Michael and father Wendy explained. What do you mean by? Oh Father Mr. Darling demanded stop brown Michael minutes to take mine, but I missed it. It was Dreadful the way all the three were looking at him just as if they did not admire him. Look here. All of you. He said and treating late as soon as Nana had gone into the bathroom. I have just thought of a splendid joke. I shall pour my medicine into Nana's bowl and she will drink milk. It was the color of milk, but the children did not have their father's sense of humor and they looked at him reproachfully as he poured the medicine into Nana's Bowl. What fun he said doubtfully and they did not dare expose him when mrs. Darling and Nana returned. Nana good. He said passing her. I have put a little milk into your bowl Nana. Nana watched her tail ran to the medicine and began laughing it. Send she gave Mr. Darling such a look angry. Look she showed him the great red tear that makes us so sorry for Noble dogs and crap into her kennel. Mr. Darling was frightfully ashamed of himself, but he would not give in. You know Horace silence mrs. Darling smelt the bowl. She said it was only a joke. He roared while she comforted her boys and Wendy hugged Nana much good. He said bitterly my wearing myself to the Bone trying to be funny in this house. And still Wendy hugged Nana. That's right. He shouted cuddle hurt. Nobody cuddles me. Oh, dear. No, I am only the breadwinner. Why should I be? Why why why? George mrs. Darling and treated him somehow they had got into the way of calling Liza the servants. Let them he answered recklessly bring in the whole world, but I refuse to allow that dog to Lord it in my nursery for an hour longer. The children wept as Mana ran to him beseechingly, but he waved her back. He felt he was a strong man again in vain in vain. He cried the proper place for you is the yard and there you go to be tied up this instant. Charge charge mrs. Darling whispered Alas, he would not listen. He was determined to show Who was Master in that house and when commands would not draw Nana from the kennel. He lured her out of it with honeyed words and seizing her roughly dragged her from the nursery. He was ashamed of himself and yet he did it. It was all owing to his two affectionate nature which craved for admiration. When he has tried her up in the backyard The Wretched father went and sat in the passage with his knuckles to his eyes. In the meantime mrs. Darling has put the children to bed in unwanted silence and lit there night flights. They could hear now. No barking at John. Whimpered the yard, but Wendy was wiser. That is not Nana's unhappy Park. She said little guessing what was about to happen? Danger Are you sure Wendy? Oh, yes. Mrs. Darling Clifford and went to the window. It was securely fastened. She looks out into the night was peppered with stars. They were crowding around the house as if curious to see what was to take place there, but she did not notice this nor that one or two of the smaller ones winked at her. Get a nameless fear clutched at her heart and made her cry. Oh how I wish that I wasn't going to a party tonight. Even Michael already half-asleep knew that she was perturbed and he asked. Nothing precious. She said they are the eyes a mother leaves behind her to guard her children. She went from Dad's to bad singing enchantments over them and little Michael flung his arms around her mother he cried. I'm glad of you. They were the last words. She was to hear from him for a long time. Number 27 was only a few yards distant, but there had been a slight fall of snow and father and mother darling picked their way over. It's definitely not to soil their shoes. They were already the only persons in the street and all the stars were watching them. Stars are beautiful, but they may not take an active part in anything. They must just look on forever. It is a punishment put on them for something. They did so long ago that no star now knows what it was. So the older ones have become glassy-eyed and seldom speak winking is the star language, but the little ones still wonder. They are not really friendly computer. You had a mischievous way of stealing up behind them and trying to blow them out, but they are so fond of fun that they were on his side's tonight and anxious to get the grown-ups out of the way. So as soon as the door of 27 closed on mr. And mrs. Darling, there was a commotion in the firmament add to the smallest of all the stars in the Milky Way screamed out now Peter. end of chapter 2