recording by Neil satterlund Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 6 house foolish Turtles was standing like a conqueror over Wendy's body when the other boys spring arm from their trees you are too late. I have shot the Wendy Peter will be so pleased with silly ass terrible silence fell upon the wood. Wendy's heart has been beating. Slightly was the first to speak. This is no bird. He said in a scared voice. I think this must be a lady. lady in Sala tumbling and said hoarsely was bringing her to us through myself sorrowfully on the ground last said They were sorry for him, but sorry for themselves and when he took a step nearer, they turn from him. Tootles space was very white, but there was a dignity about him now that they never had been before did it ladies used to come to me and dreams. I always said my mother but when at last she really came a shocker. slowly away It was at this tragic moment. They heard a sandwich made the heart of every one of them rise to his mouth. They heard Peter Crow hastily around. Again, they came not ringing Crow and Peter drop in front of them boys. They open their mouths, but the cheers would not come you overlooked it in his haste to tell the Glorious Tidings great news. Still no sound except as he dropped on his knees. You not seen her. One Voice set another one full day Peter he said quietly I will show her to you. And the others would still have hidden her. He said back twins. Let Peter see. So they all stood back and let him see end after he could look for a little time. He did not know what to do next. She's that he said uncomfortably being dead. Popping off in a cosmic sort of way to he was out of sight of her in the Never Going near the spot anymore the arrow. You took it from her heart and sisters band. cruzeiro mine Peter on his knees raise the arrow to use it as a dagger. Eagles did not flinch. He buried his breast strike Peter. You said friendly strike true? Twice did Peter raise the arrow in twice? That is handful. I cannot sign he said with all. There is something which stays my hand. All look at him in Wonder save me. Wonderful to relate Wendy had raised her arm. Nibs bent over her and listens reverently. I think she said or totals it was she lives. slightly cried instantly the Wendy lady lives cider and found his button. Remember she placed in the chain that she wore around her neck. You said it is the kiss I gave her and has saved her life. Remember kisses. Let me see it. Did not hear him. He was begging Monday to get better quickly so that he could show her the mermaids. Of course, she could not answer yet being still in a frightful thing, but from overhead cam of wailing up. Listen to Tink said Curley she is crying because the Wendy lives. Peter of Tanks crime and almost never had they seen him look. So Stern listen to I am your friend no more gone from me forever. She flew onto a shoulder and feed it but he brushed her off not until when he raced around if he relents sufficiently to say well not forever but for a whole week. I was grateful for raising her arms so much. What to do with Wendy in your present delicate state of health. I just carried her into the house would not be sufficiently respectful. Since likely is what I was thinking but if she said she will die but there was no way out west house round her the best of what we have got out the house B Sharp. They was busy as Taylor's the night before wedding down for betting up for firewood. And while they were at it who showed up here, but John and Michael. They drugged up along the ground and fell asleep standing stop. John John wake up. Where is Nana John and mother? You may be sure they were very relieved to find Peter Peter. Of course. I meant to be room for chairs and a table. When you sleep in his most captain Lee voice in the building of the House John said I gassed what she's only a girl that is why we are her servants. You Wendy's servants. yes, sir, Peter and you also Astounded brothers were drive to way to hack in queue in Cary. Chelsea Defender first II it slightly at once and disappeared scratching his head but has he knew Peter must be obeyed you return in a moment wearing John's hat looking solemn please sir going to him. Are you a doctor? the difference between him and the other boys at such a time was that they knew it was make believe watching him make believe in true or exactly the same thing this sometimes they broke down in a make-believe. Yes, man, who had chapped knuckles? Please sir. Peter explained why is very ill. Blasting in her mouth that slightly and he made Believe to do it while Peter waited. It was an anxious moment. How is she said slightly? This has cured her. I am glad said Peter. I will call again in the evening with the spout which was his habit on escaping from a difficulty. In the meantime the would have been alive with the sound of axes almost everything needed for a cozy dwelling already. Let Wendy speed if we only knew said one the kind of house. She likes best Peter. She's moving in her sleep or mouth opens, respectfully. Prep. She's going to sing in her sleep by Peter Wendy sing the kind of house you would like to have. Immediately without opening her eyes when she began to sing. I wish I had a pretty how stupid was seen with funny list. Enjoy it this for by the greatest. Good luck the branches and made a lovely door. So tell us mother went to the Roses peeping in you know, when babies peeping out loveliest roast up the walls. Chuggington Peter rotary babies they hurry to the song again. We've made the Roses peeping out. The house was quite beautiful and no doubt. Wendy was very cozy with it though. Of course, they could no longer. See her. Nothing is absolutely finished. There's no not ashamed there's no chimney Peter. We must have a chimney. It certainly does need a chimney. Send John importantly. The computer idea. It's not that off John's head. Little house was so pleased to have such a capital chimney that as if you smoke. What the boys was wondering was would anyone answer the knock if a baby properly surprised and this was just how they had hoped. You would look a my darling house when they said they would be our mother and he said all shining course. It's frightfully fascinating, but you see I'm only little girl. I have no real experience. That doesn't matter. What we need is just a nice person. I will do my best come inside at once you naughty children. I'm sure your feet are just time to finish the story of Cinderella. In the room for them, but you can squeeze very tight and never left and that was the first of the many joyous evenings. They had with Wendy. Find buy she took them up in the great bed in the home under the trees, but she herself slept that night in a little house house looks so cozy and safe in the darkness with a bright light showing through its blinds in the chimney smoking beautifully and Peter standing on guard. After a time, he fell asleep and some unsteady fairies had to climb over him on the way home from an orgy any of the other boys obstructing the fairy path. It's nice. They would have missed it snows.