volunteer please visit librivox.org This recording is by Mark Smith of Simpsonville, South Carolina. Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 13 Do you believe in fairies? The more quickly this horror is disposed of the better the first to emerge from his tree was Curly Heroes out of it into the arms of Seco who flung him to Smee who flung him to Starkey who flung him to Bill Jukes who flung him to noodler and so he was tossed from one to another delay fell at the feet of the black pirate all the boys were plucked from their trees in this ruthless Manner and several of them were in the air at a time like bales of goods flowing from hand to hand. A different treatment was accorded to Wendy who came last with ironical politeness hook raised his hat to her and offering her his arm escorted her to the spot where the others were being gagged. He did it with such an air he was so frightfully this done gay that she was too fascinated to cry out. She was only a little girl. Perhaps it is Telltale to divulge that for a moment cook entranced her and we tell on her only because her slip that the strange results had shehata Leon handed and we should have loved to write it of her. She would have been hurled to the air like the others and then hook would probably not have been present at the time of the children and had he not been at the time. He would not have discovered slightly secret and without the secret. He could not presently have made his foul attempt on Peters life. They were tied to prevent their flying away doubled up with her knees close to their ears and for the trusting of them. The black pirate had cut a rope into 9 equal pieces all went. Well until slightly Stern came when he was found to be like those irritating Parcels that use up all the string and going round and leave no tags with which to tie a knot the Pirates kicked him in their rage. Just as you kick the parcel though In fairness. You should kick the string and strange to say it was hookah told them to delay their violence. His lip was curled with malicious Triumph. While his dogs were merely sweating because every time they tried to pack the unhappy lab Titan one part he bulged out in another hooks Mastermind, I'd gone far beneath slightly surface probing not for effects, but for causes and is exultation show that he had found them slightly white to the gills knew that hook it surprised his secret, which was this that no boys. So blown out could use a tree where in an average man needs stick for a slightly most wretched of all the children now for he was in a panic about Peter bitterly regretted what he had done madly addicted to the drinking of water when he was hot. He had swelled and consequence to his present girth and instead of reducing himself to fit his tree. He had unknown to the others is tree to make it fit him. Sufficient of this hook guest to persuade him that Peter at last lay at his Mercy but no word of the dark design that now formed in these Subterranean caverns of his mine crossed his lips. He merely signed that the captives were to be conveyed to the ship and that he would be alone. How to convey them hunched up in their ropes, they might indeed be rolled downhill like barrels but most of the whale a through M or S again hooks genius or not a difficulties. He indicated that the little house must be used as a conveyance the children were flying into it for Stout Pirates raised it on their shoulders the others fell in behind and singing the hateful pirate chorus the strange procession set off Through the Wood. I don't know whether any of the children were crying if so the singing drown the sound but as the Little House disappeared in the forest of Brave though tiny jet of smoke issued from its chimney as if defying hook, Hook shot and it did Peter a bad service it dried up any trick look pretty for him that may have remained in the Pirates infuriated breast. The first thing he did on finding himself alone in the fast falling night was the tiptoe to slightly Stree and make sure that it provided him with a passage then for long. He remained brooding his hat of ill-omen on the sward so that any gentle breeze which had Arisen my play refreshingly through his hair dark is where his thoughts his blue eyes were as soft as the Periwinkle intently. Listen for any sound from the Netherworld. But all was a silent below as above the house under the ground seem to be but one more empty tenement in the void. What's that boy asleep or did he stand waiting at the foot of slightly Stree with his dagger in his hand? There was no way of knowing saved by going down hook let his cloak slip softly to the ground and then biting his lip still elude Bloods to it on them. He stepped into the tree. He was a brave man, but for a moment he had to stop there and wipe his brow, which was Dripping like a candle then silently you let himself go into the unknown. He arrived. I'm molested at the foot of the shaft and Stood Still again biting at his breath, which it almost left him as his eyes became accustomed to the dim light various objects in the home under the trees took shape, but the only one which is greedy gays rested long sought for and found it last was the great bed on the bed light Peter fast asleep. Unaware of the tragedy being enacted above Peter had continued for little time after the children left to play Kaylee on his pipes. No doubt rather of forlorn attempt to prove to himself that he did not care then he decided not to take his medicine. So as to grieve Wendy, then he laid down on the bed outside the coverlet the decks are still more for she can always talk them inside it because you never know that you may not grow chili at the turn of the night. Then he nearly cried but it struck him how indignant she would be if he left instead. So we laughed a hearty laugh and fell asleep in the middle of it. Sometimes though not often he had dreams and they were more painful than the dreams of other boys 4 hours. He could not be separated from those dreams though. He wailed piteously and them they had to do I think with the riddle of his existence at such times. It had been Wendy's custom to take him out of bed and sit with him on her lap soothing him and do your ways of her own invention and when he grew calmer to put him back to bed before he quite woke up so that he should not know of the indignity to which he had subjected him. But on this occasion he had fallen at once into a dreamless sleep one arm dropped over the edge of the bed one leg was arched and the unfinished part of his laugh was stranded on his mouth which was open showing the little pearls. That's defenseless hook found him. He stood silent at the foot of the tree looking across the chamber at his enemy did no feeling of compassion disturb is December breast the man was not wholly evil. He loved flowers. I have been told and sweet music. He was himself no mean performer on the harpsichord and let it be frankly admitted the idyllic nature of the scenes 30 and profoundly. Mastered by his better self he would have returned reluctantly up the tree, but for one thing What stadium was Peter's impertinent appearance as he slept the open mouth? The drooping are the archny they were such a personification of Cockiness as taken together will never again one may hope be presented to I so sensitive to their offensiveness. They steal hooks heart. If is Rage of broken him into a hundred pieces. Every one of them would have disregarded the incident and leaped at the sleeper. The light from the one lamp Shone dimly on the bed posted in darkness himself and at the first stealthy step forward. He discovered an obstacle the door. I'm slightly Stree. It did not entirely feel the aperture and have been looking over it feeling for the catch. You found to his Fury that it was a low-down Beyond his reach to his disordered brain. It seemed then that the irritating quality in Peter's face and figure visibly increased. He rattled the door and flung himself against it was his enemy to escape him after all. What was that the reading is I had caught side of Peters medicine standing on a Ledge within easy reach he fathom what it was straight away and immediately knew that the sleeper was in his power. Let's D should be taken alive hook always carried about his person a dreadful drug Blended by himself of all the death-dealing rings that it come into his possession. These your boiled down into a yellow liquid quite unknown to science, which was probably the most virulent poison in existence. 5 drops of this he now added to Peter's cup his hands shook, but it wasn't exultation rather than in shame as he did it he avoided glancing at the sleeper but not less pity should unnerve him merely to avoid spilling then one long bloating look he cast upon his victim and turning wormed his way with difficulty of the tree as he emerged at the top of you. Look the very Spirit of evil breaking from its hole. Donning his hat at its most rakish angle. He whelmed his cloak around him holding one end and front is if to conceal his person from the night of which it was the blackest part and muttering strangely to himself stole the way through the trees. Peter slept on the light guttered and without leaving the tenement in darkness, but still he slapped. It must have been not less than 10 by the crocodile when he suddenly sat up in his bed waken by he knew not what it was a soft cautious tapping on the door of his tree. Soft and cautious but in that Stillness it was Sinister Peter Feld for his dagger till his hand gripped it then he spoke. Who was that? So long, there was no answer that again the knock who are you? No answer he was thrilled. I loved being thrilled into strides. He reached the door unlike slightly store. It filled the aperture so that he could not see beyond it nor could the one knocking see him. I won't open unless you speak Peter cried. Then it lasts the visitors spoke in a lovely bell-like voice. It was tank and quickly. He unbarred to her. She flew and excitedly her face flushed and her dress stained with mud. What is it? You can never guess. She cried and offered him three gases help with it. He shouted and in one ungrammatical sentence as long as the ribbons The Conjuring full from their mouths. She told her the capture of Wendy and the boys. Peter's heart bobbed up and down as he listened Wendy bound and on the pirate ship. She who loved everything to be just so I'll rescue her. He cry leaving at his weapons as he leads. He thought of something he could do to please her. He could take his medicine his hand closed on the Fatal draft. Shriek Tinkerbell who would hurt hook mutter about his deed as he sped through the forest. Why not? It is poisoned poisoned could have poisoned it hook. Don't be silly. How could hook up. Down here? I'll ask Tinkerbell could not explain this for even shade did not know the dark secret of slightly Stree nevertheless hooks words had left no room for doubt. The cup was poisoned. Besides said Peter quite believing himself. I never fell asleep. He raised the cup no time for words now time for deeds and with one of her lightning movements to the drinks ready. She was reeling in the air. What is the matter with you? Suddenly afraid? I'm going to be dead. Did you drink it to save me? Here's but white ink her wings would scarcely carry her now, but didn't reply. She alighted on his shoulder and gave his nose a loving bite. She whispered in his ear you silly ass and then tottering to her chamber lay down on the bed. His head almost filled the fourth wall of her little room as he knelt near her in distress every moment. Her light was growing fainter. I didn't knew that if it went out she would be no more. She liked his tears so much that she put out her beautiful finger and let them run over it. Her voice was so low that it first he could not make out what she said then he made it out and she was saying that she thought she could get well again, if children believe in fairies Peter flying out his arms, there were no children there and it was nighttime, but he addressed all who might be dreaming of the neverland and who were there for nearer to him than you think boys and girls in their 90's and naked papusas in their baskets hung from trees. Do you believe he cried tank setup in bed almost briskly to listen to her fate. She fancy cheat her dancers in the affirmative and then again, she wasn't sure. What do you think? She asked Peter if you believe he shouted to them clap your hands don't like pink. Dye many clapped some didn't a few beasts hist. Clapping stop suddenly as if countless mother's Head Rush to their nurseries to see what on Earth was happening. But already thank was say first her voice grew strong and she popped out of bed. Then she was flashing through the room more Marianne impudent than ever. She never thought of thanking those who believe but you would have liked to get at the ones who missed. And no to rescue Wendy. The moon was riding in a cloudy heaven when Peter Rose from his tree, but girth with weapons and wearing little else to set out upon his perilous Quest. It was not such a night as he would have chosen. He had hoped to fly keeping not far from the ground so that nothing unwanted should Escape his eyes, but in that fitful light to a flown low would have meant trailing his shadow through the trees that's disturbing birds and acquainting a watchful though that he was Aster. He regretted now that he had given the birds of the islands such strange names that they are very wild and difficult of approach. There was no other course but to press forward and Redskin fashion help which happily he was an Adept but in what direction for he could not be sure that the children have been taken to the ship. I like fall of snow had obliterated all footmarks and a deathly silence pervaded the island as if for a space nature Stood Still In horror of the recent Carnage. He taught the children something of the forest lore that he had himself learn from Tiger Lily and Tinkerbell and knew that in their dire our they were not likely to forget it slightly if he had an opportunity would Blaze the trees for instance curly would drop seeds and Wendy would leave her handkerchief at some important place. The morning was needed to search for such guidance, and he could not wait, the upperworld had called him, but would give no help. The crocodile past him but not another living thing not a sound not a movement and yet he knew well that sudden death might be at the next tree or stalking him from behind. He swore this terrible oath hook or me this time. Now he crawled forward like a snake and a get erect. He darted across the space on which the Moonlight played one finger on his lip and his dagger at the ready. He was frightfully happy. end of chapter