Recordings are in the public domain for more information or to volunteer, please visit librivox.org recording by Claire Gosha. chapter 16 of Peter Pan by JM Barrie the return home buy three bells that morning. They were all staring their stumps for there was a big c running and toodles the bosun was among them with the ropes and in his hand and chewing tobacco. They all Don Pirate clothes cut off at the knee shaved smartly and tumbled off the true nautical roll in Hitching their trousers. It need not be said who was the captain nibs and John were first and second mate. There was a woman aboard the rest were tars before the Mast and lived in The Forecastle Peter had already lost himself to the wheel but he piped all hands and delivered a short address to them said he hopes they would do their Duty like Galant Hardee's but that he knew they were the scum of Rio in the Gold Coast and if they snapped at him, he would tear them the Bluffs Trident words struck the note Sailors understood and they cheered him lustily then a few sharp orders were given and they returned to the ship round and knows her for the mainland. Captain pan calculated after Consulting the ship's chart that if this weather lasted they should strike the Azura's about the 21st of June after which it would save time to fly. Some of them wanted it to be an honest chip and others were in favor of keeping it a pirate but the captain treated them as dogs and they've dared not express their wishes to him even in a round-robin one person after another as they had to Captain Hook instant obedience was the only safe thing slightly got a dozen for looking perplexed when told to take soundings. The general feeling was that Peter was honest just now to low Wendy's suspicions, but that there might be a change when the new suit was ready which against her will she was making for him out of some of hooks wickedest garments. It was afterwards whispered among them that on the first night. He wore the suit he said long in the cabin with hook cigar holder in his mouth and one hand clenched all but for the forefinger, which he be And help threatening Leah lost like a hook. Instead of watching the ship. However, we must now return to that desolate home from which three of our characters had taken heartless flight so long ago. It seems a shame to have neglected number 14 all this time and yet we may be sure that mrs. Darling does not blame us if we return to sooner to look with sorrowful sympathy at her. She would probably have cried. Don't be silly. What do I matter to go back and keep an eye on the children so long as mothers are like this their children will take advantage of them and they may lay to bet on that. Even now we venture into that familiar Nursery only because it's lawful occupants are on their way home. We are merely hurrying on in advance of them to see that their beds are properly aired and that mr. And mrs. Darling do not go out for the evening. We are no more than servants why on Earth should their beds be properly aired seeing that they left them in such a thankless. Hurry. Serve them Jolly. Well, right if they came back and found that their parents were spending the weekend in the country. It would be the moral lesson that they've been in need of ever since we met them. But if we contrive things in this way mrs. Darling would never forgive us. One thing I should like to do immensely and that is to tell her in the way authors have that the children are coming back that indeed. They will be here on Thursday week this would spoil so completely the surprise to which Wendy and John and Michael are looking forward. They've been planning it out on the ship mother's Rapture father's shout of Joy. Anna's leave through the air to embrace them first. When what they ought to be prepared for is a good hiding how delicious to spoil it all by breaking the news & advance so that when they enter grandly mrs. Darling may not even offer Wendy her mouth and Mr. Darling may explain finish Lee Dash it all hear those boys again. However, we should get no thanks, even for this. We are beginning to know mrs. Darling by this time and maybe sure that she would upgrade us for depriving the children of their little pleasure. But my dear Madam it is 10 days till Thursday week so that by telling you what's what we can save you 10 days about happiness. Yes, but at what cost by depriving the children of 10 minutes of delight OSU look at it that way what other way is there in which to look at it? You see the woman had no proper spirit. I had meant to say extraordinary really nice things about her but I despise her and not one of them will I say now she does not really need to be told to have things ready for they are ready. All the beds are aired and she never leaves the house and observe the window is open. For all the use we are to her we might well go back to the ship. However, as we are here we may as well stay and look on that is all we are Lookers on nobody really wants us. So let us watch and say Jackie things in the hope that some of them will hurt. The only change to be seen in the night Nursery. Is that between 9 and 6 to kennel is no longer there when the children flew away Mr. Darling felt in his bones that all the blame was his for having chain Nana up and that from first to last she had been wiser than he of course as we have seen. He was quite a simple man indeed. He might have passed for a boy again if he had been able to take his baldness off, but he had also a noble sense of justice and a lion's courage to do what seems right to him and having thought the matter out with anxious care after the Flight of the children. He went down on all fours and crawled into the kennel. Chihuahuas Darlings deer invitations to him to come out he replied sadly but firmly know my own one. This is the place for me and the bitterness of his remorse. He swore that he would never leave the kennel until his children came back. Of course. This was a Pity but whatever. Mr. Darling did he had to do it in excess. Otherwise he soon gave up doing it and there never was a more humble man in the once-proud George darling as he sat in the kennel of an evening talking with his wife their children and all their pretty ways. Very touching was his deference to Nana. He would not let her come into the kennel, but I'm all other matters. He followed her wishes implicitly every morning the kennel was carried with Mr. Darling in it to a cab which conveyed him to his office and he returned home in the same way at 6 something of the strength of character of the man will be seeing if we remember how sensitive he was to the opinion of neighbors this man whose every movement now attracted surprised attention. Edward Lee he must have suffered torture, but he preserve to calm exterior. Even when the young criticized his little home and he always lifted his hat courteously to any lady looked inside. It may have been quiz otic but it was magnificent soon the N word meaning of it leaked out and the great heart of the public was touched crowds follow the cab cheering it lustily Charming girl scaled it to get his autograph interviews appeared in the better class of papers and Society invited him to dinner and added do come in the kennel. On that eventful Thursday week mrs. Darling was in the night Nursery awaiting George's return home. A very sad Eyed Woman now that we look at her closely and remember the Goethe of her and the old days all gone now just because she has lost her babes. I find I won't be able to say nasty things about her after all if she was too fond of her rubbishy children. She couldn't help it. Look at her in her chair where she is falling asleep the corner of her mouth where one looks first is almost withered up her hand moves restlessly on her breasts as if she had had a pain there some like Peter Bast and some like Wendy best but I like her best. Supposed to make her happy we whisper to her in her sleep that her brats are coming back there really within 2 miles of the window now and flying strong, but all we need Whispers that they're on their way. Let it is a Pity we did it for she has started up calling their names and there's no one in the room banana. Oh nana, I dropped my dear one said come back. Nana had so many eyes, but all she could do was put her paw Jet Li on her mistress's lap and they were sitting together. This one a kennel was brought back as Mr. Darling put his head out to kiss his wife. We see that his face is more warned that if your butt has a softer expression he gave his hat to Liza who took it scornfully. She had no imagination. It was quite incapable of understanding the motives of such a man outside the crowd who accompanied the cab home. We're still cheering and he was naturally not unmoved. Listen to them. He said it is very gratifying lots of little boys sneered Liza there were several adults today. He assured her with a faint flush, but when she tossed her head, he had not a word of reproof for her social success had not spoiled him. It had made him sweeter for some time. He sat with his head out of the kennel talking with mrs. Darling if this success and pressing her hand reassure, Only when she said she hoped his head would not be turned by it. But if I could a weak man, he said good Heavens if I been awake man and George, she said timidly you are as full of remorse is ever, aren't you? Full of remorse is that Frontier has to see my punishment living in a kennel. But it is punishment, isn't it George? You are sure you are not enjoying it. I love you may be sure she begged his pardon and then feeling drowsy he curled around in the kennel hockey play me to sleep. He asked on the nursery piano and as she was crossing to the day Nursery, he added thoughtlessly and shut that window. I feel a draft o charge never asked me to do that the window must always be left open for them. Always always. Now it was his turn to beg her pardon and she went into the dangerous ring and played and soon he was asleep and while he slept Wendy and John and Michael flew into the room. Oh, no, we have written it. So because that was the Charming Arrangement plan by them before we left the ship. But something must have happened since then what is not they who flown in is Peter and Tinkerbell Peters first words tell all quick tank. He whispered close the window part. That's right. Now you and I must get away by that door. And when Wendy come she will think her mother is Bored her out and she will have to go back with me. Now. I understand what had hitherto puzzled me why when Peter had exterminated the Pirates he did not return to the island and leave tank to a skort the children to the mainland. This trick had been in his head all the time. Instead of feeling that he was Behaving Badly he danced with Glee then he peeked into the day Nursery to see you was playing he was for two tank. It's Wendy's mother. She is a pretty lady but that's a pretty is my mother her mouth is full of Thimbles, but not suppose. My mother's was of course, he knew nothing whatever about his mother, but he sometimes bragged about her. He did not know the tune which was home sweet home. But he knew what it was saying. Come back Wendy Wendy Wendy, and he cried exultantly, you will never see Wendy again lady for the window is Bard he peeped in again to see why the music had stopped and now he saw that mrs. Darling had laid her head on the box and that two tears were sitting on her eyes. she wants me to unbar the window thought Peter, but I won't not I he pooped again and the tears were still there or another to attack in their place. She's awfully fond of Wendy. He said to himself. He was angry with her now for not seeing why she could not have Wendy. The reason was so simple. I'm fond of her too. We can't both have our lady. But the lady would not make the best of it and he was unhappy he ceased to look at her but even then she would not let go of him. He skipped it out and made funny faces, but when he stopped it was just as if she were inside him knocking. Oh, well, right. He said it last and gulped then he unbar the window. Come on Tanki cried with a frightful sneer at the laws of nature. We don't want any silly Mothers any flew away. That's Wendy and John and Michael found the window open for the master all which of course was more than they deserved. They light it on the floor quite on ashamed of themselves. And the youngest one had already forgotten his home. Johnny said looking around him doubtfully. I think I have been here before. Of course you have you silly. There is your old bed. So it is Michael said but not with much conviction High sacred John the kennel and he dashed across to look into it. Perhaps Nana's inside it Wendy said but John whistled. Hello. He said there's a man inside it. It's father exclaimed Wendy. Let me see Father Michael bags eagerly and he took a good look he has not so big as the pirate. I killed. He said was such Frank disappointment that I'm glad Mr. Darling was asleep. It would have been sad if those have been the first words. He hurt his little Michael say Wendy and John have been taken aback somewhat at finding their father in the kennel. Shirley said John like one who had lost faith in his memory be used not to sleep in this kennel. John Wendy said falteringly, perhaps we don't remember the old life as well as we thought we did a chill fell upon them and serve them right. It is very careless of mother so that young scoundrel John not to be here when we come back. It was then that mrs. Darling begin playing again. It's mother cried Wendy peeping. So it is said John that are you not really our mother Wendy asked Michael who was surely sleepy ogier exclaimed Wendy with her first real twinge of remorse for having gone. It was quite time we came back. I just creep in John suggested and put her hands over her eyes. But Wendy who saw that they must break the joyous news more gently had a better plan. Let us all slip into our beds and be there when she comes in just as if we never been away. And so when mrs. Darling went back to the night Nursery to see if her husband was asleep. All the beds were occupied the children Waited For Her Cry Of Joy, but it did not come she saw them but she did not believe they were there. You see she saw them in their bed. So often in her dreams that she thought this was just the dream hanging around her still she sat down in the chair by the fire when the old days should nurse them. They could not understand this and a cold fear fell upon all the three of them. Mother when you cried that's Wendy she said but still she was sure it was the dream mother. That's John. She said mother cried Michael he knew her now. That's Michael. She said and she stretched out her arms for the three little selfish children. They would never envelop again. Yes, they did. They went around Wendy and John and Michael who had slipped out of bed and run to her George George she cried when she could speak and Mr. Darling woke to share her place and Nana came rushing in there could not have been a lovely or site but there was none to see it except a little boy. He was staring at the window. He had had ecstasies innumerable that other children can never know but he was looking through the window at the one Joy from which he must be forever barred. end of chapter 16