or to volunteer, please visit librivox.org This recording is by Mark Smith of Simpsonville, South Carolina. Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 5 the island come true Feeling that Peter was on his way back the neverland at again woken to life. We ought to use the pluperfect and say wakened but woke is better and was always used by Peter in his absence. Thanks are usually quiet on the island. The fairies take an hour longer in the morning the beasts attend to their young the Redskins feed heavily for 6 days and nights and when pirates and lost boys meet, they merely bite their thumbs at each other but with the coming of Peter who hates lethargy, they are underway again, if you put your ear to the ground now, you would hear the whole island seething with life. On this evening, the chief forces of the island were disposed as follows. The lost boys were out looking for Peter. The Pirates were out looking for the Lost Boys. The Redskins were out looking for the Pirates and the beasts were out looking for the Redskins. They were going round and round the island, but they did not mate because all we're going at the same rate. All wanted blood except the boys who liked it as a rule, but tonight we're out to greet their captain. The boys on the island very of course and numbers according as they get killed and so on and when they seem to be growing up, which is against the rules Peter thins them out. But this time there were six of them counting the twins is to let us pretend to lie here among the sugarcane and watch them as they steal by and single-file each with his hand on his dagger. They are forbidden by Peter to look in the least like him and they wear the skins of the Bears slain by themselves in which they are so round and furry that when they fall they roll they have therefore become very sure-footed. First pass is toodles. Not the least brave, but the most unfortunate of all that Gallant band. He had been in fewer Adventures than any of them because the big things constantly happened. Just when he had stepped around the corner all would be quiet. He would take the opportunity of going off to gather a few sticks for firewood. And then when he returned the others would be sweeping up the blood this ill-luck a given a gentle Melancholy to his countenance but instead of showering his nature had sweet and so that he was quite the humblest of the boys who are kind totals there is danger in the air for you tonight. Take care less than Adventure is now offered you which if accepted will plunge you in deepest woe. Toodles the fairy tank who is bent on Mischief. This night is looking for a tool and she thinks you are the most easily tricked of the boys, but we're Tinkerbell. What did he could hear us? But we are not really on the island and he passes by biting his knuckles. Next comes nibs the gay and debonair followed by slightly who cuts whistles out of the trees and dances ecstatically to his own Tunes slightly is the most conceited of the boys. He thinks he remembers the days before he was lost with their manners and customs and this is given his nose and offencive tilt. Curly is 4th. He is a pickle and so often has he had to deliver up his person when Peter said sternly stand for the one who did this thing that now at the command e stands forth automatically whether he is done is or not. Last come the twins who cannot be described because we we should be sure to be describing the wrong one Peter never quite knew what Twins were and his band were not allowed to know anything. He did not know so these two were always vague about themselves and did their best to give Satisfaction by keeping close together in an apologetic sort of way. The boys vanish in the gloom and after a pause, but not a long pause for things go briskly on the island come the Pirates on their track. We hear them before they are seen and it is always the same Dreadful song. How do I steal a your whole hip to what pirating we go? And if we're parted by your short, we're sure to meet below. I'm more villainous looking lot. Never hung in a row on execution dock here a little in advance ever and again with his head to the ground. Listening is great arms. Bear Pieces Of Eight in his ears as ornaments. Is that handsome Italian Seco who cut his name in letters of Blood on the back of the governor of the prison that Gale That gigantic black behind him has had many names since he dropped the one with which Dusky mothers still terrify their children on the banks of the gwangi, Amo. Here is Bill Jukes every inch of him tattooed the same bill Jukes who got six dozen on the walrus from Flint before he would drop the bag of more Doris and cook said to be black Murphy's brother, but this was never proved and gentlemen Starkey once an usher in a public school and still dating in his ways of killing and skylights Morgan skylights and the Irish bosun's me an oddly genial man who stabbed so to speak without offense and was the only non conformist and hook screw and noodler whose hands were fixed on backwards and Robert Mullins and Alf Mason and many another Ruffian long known and feared on the Spanish Main. In the midst of them the blackest and largest in that dark setting reclined James Hook or as he wrote himself and Jas hook of whom it is said he was the only man that the sea cook feared he lay at his ease in a rough Chariot drawn and propelled by his men and instead of a right hand. He had the iron hook with which African on he had encouraged them to increase their pace. As dogs this terrible man treated and addressed them and his dogs they obeyed him. In person, he was cadaverous and black advised and his hair was dressed in Long curls which at a little distance look like black candles and gave us singularly threatening expression to his handsome countenance. His eyes were of the blue of the forget-me-not and have a profound Melancholy say when he was plunging his hook into you at which time two red spots appeared in them and let them up horribly. In matter something of the grand senior still clung to him so that he even ripped you up with an air and I have been told that he was a rock Hunter of repute. He was never more Sinister than when he was most polite which is probably the truest test of breeding and the Elegance of his diction, even when he was swearing no less than the distinction of his demeanor showed him one of a different cast from his crew. A man of indomitable courage it was said that the only thing he shied at was the sight of his own blood which was thick and up and unusual color. Andrassy somewhat 8 the attire at sociated with the name of Charles II having heard it said in some earlier. Of his career that he bore a strange resemblance to the ill-fated Stewart's and in his mouth. He had a holder of his own contrivance which enabled him to smoke two cigars at once but undoubtedly, the Grimace part of him. Was his Iron Claw. Let us now kill a pirate to show hooks method skylights will do as they pass skylights lurches clumsily against him ruffling his lace collar the hook shoots 4th. There is a tearing sound in one Screech. Then the body is kicked aside in the Pirates pass on he is not even taking the cigars from his mouth such is the terrible man against whom Peter Pan is pitted which will win. On the trail of the Pirates stealing noiselessly down the warpath which is not visible to inexperienced eyes come the Redskins every one of them with his eyes peeled. They carry tomahawks and knives and their naked bodies glean with paint and oil strong around them are Scouts of boys as well as pirates for these are the piccaninny tribe and not to be confused with the softer. Hearted Delaware's or the hurons. In the van on all fours is great big little Panther a brave of so many scalps that in his present position. They somewhat impede his progress. Bringing up the rear the place of greatest danger comes Tigerlily proudly. Erect a princess in her own right? She is the most beautiful of Dusky Diana's and the belle of the piccaninnies coquettish cold and emrys by turns. There is not a brave who would not have the Wayward thing to wife, but she stays off the altar with a hatchet. Observe how they pass over Fallen Twigs without making the slightest noise. The only sound to be heard as they're somewhat heavy breathing. The fact is that they are all a little fat just now after the heavy gorging but in time they will work this off for the moment. However, it constitutes their Chief Danger. The Redskins disappear as they have come like shadows and soon their place is taken by the beasts a great and Motley procession lions tigers bears and the innumerable smaller Savage things to flee from them for every kind of Beast and more particularly all the man-eaters live cheek-by-jowl on the favored Island their tongues hanging out. They are hungry tonight. When they have passed comes the last figure of all a gigantic crocodile we shall see for whom she is looking presently. The crocodile passes but soon the boys up here again for the procession must continue indefinitely until one of the party stops or changes its Pace then quickly. They will be on top of each other. All are keeping a sharp Lookout in front but none suspect that the danger may be creeping up from behind this shows. How real the island was the first to fall out of the moving Circle was the boys they flung themselves down on the squad close to their underground home. I do wish Peter would come back every one of them said nervously know and hide and still more in breath. They were all larger than their captain. I am the only one who is not afraid of the Pirates slightly said in the tone that prevented his being a general favourite, but perhaps some distance sound Disturbed him for you at least Ali. But I wish you would come back and tell us whether he has heard anything more about Cinderella. They talk to Cinderella and to-dos was confident that his mother must have been very like her. It was only in Peter's absence that they could speak of Mother's the subject being forbidden by m as silly. All I remember about my mother needs told them is that she often said to my father? Oh how I wish I had a cheque-book of my own. I don't know what a checkbook. Yes, but I should just love to give my mother 1. While they talk they heard a distance sound URI not being Wild Things of the woods would have heard nothing, but they heard it and it was the Grimm song. Yo, ho yo, ho the pirate life the flag of skull and bones of Mary our hempen rope and hay for Davy Jones. once the Lost Boys but where are they? They are no longer there rabbits could not have disappeared more quickly. I will tell you where they are with the exception of nibs who is darted the way to recognize our they are already in their home under the ground a very delightful residence of which we shall see a good deal presently. But how have they reached it for? There is no entrance to be seen not so much as a large Stone which if rolled away would disclose the mouth of a cave. Look closely. However, and you may note that there are here at seven large trees each with a hole in its Hollow trunk as large as a boy. These are the seven entrances to the home under the ground for which Hook is been searching in vain these many moons. Will he find it tonight as the Pirates Advance the quick guy of Starkey cited nibs disappearing Through the Wood had it once this pistol flash doubt, but an iron claw grip to shoulder roll. He cried writhing. Now for the first time we hear the voice of hook, it was a black boys put back that pistol first. It said threatening light. It was one of those boys you hate. I could have shot him dead. I and the sound would have brought Tiger Lillies Redskins upon us. Do you want to lose your scalp? Shall I after him Captain? That's pathetic Smee and tickle him with Johnny Corkscrew Smee had Pleasant names for everything and his Cutlass was Johnny Corkscrew because he wiggled it in the wound one could mention many lovable trade since me for instance after killing. It was his spectacles he wiped instead of his weapon Chinese a silent fellow. He reminded hook not now Smee hook said Darkly, he is only one that I want to Mischief all the seven scatter and look for them. Pirates disappeared among the trees and in a moment there captain and Smee were alone hook he gave the heavy sigh and I know not why it was perhaps it was because of the soft beauty of the evening, but there came over him a desire to confide to his faithful boson the story of his life. He spoke long and earnestly but what it was all about Smee. It was rather stupid did not know in the least. Anon he caught the word Peter. Most of all hook was saying passionately I want their Captain Peter Pan was he cut off my arm. He brandished the hook threatening Lee. I've waited long to shake his hand with this, Ohio Terry him and yet, it's me. I have often heard you say that hook was worth a score of hands for combing. The hair another homely uses I the captain answered if I was a mother I would pray to have my children born with this instead of that. Anycast to look at Pride upon his iron hand and one of scorn upon the other then again, he frowned. He had flung my arm. He said wincing to a crocodile that happened to be passing by I have often since it's me notice. You're strange dread of crocodiles live crocodiles hook corrected him, but I love that one crocodile. He lowered his voice. It like my arms so much to me that it is followed me ever since from sea to Sea and from land to land licking its lips for the rest of me. Getaway since me it's sort of a compliment. I want no such compliments hook far too. Passionately. I want Peter Pan who first gave the brute its taste for me. He sat down on a large mushroom and now there was a quiver in his voice. He said huskily that crocodile would have had me before this but by a lucky chance that swallowed a clock which goes tick tick inside it and so before it can reach me. I hear the tick and Bolt. He laughed put in a Holloway. Someday since me the clock will run down and then he'll get you. Hook wet it is dry lips. I he said that's the fear that haunts me. Since sitting down head felt curiously warm Speedy. He said this seat is hot. He jumped up odds Bobs hammer and tongs, I'm burning. The examined the mushroom which was of a size and solidity unknown on the mainland. They tried to pull it up and it came away at once in their hands for it had no root. Stranger still smoke began at once to ascend the Pirates looked at each other a chimney. They both explained. They had indeed discovered the chimney of the home under the ground. It was the custom of the boys to stop it with a mushroom when enemies were in the neighborhood Not only smoke came out of it that came also children's voices for so safe that the boys feel in their hiding place that they were Gailey chattering. The Pirates listen Grimley and then replace the mushroom. They looked around them and noted the holes in the Seven Trees. Did you hear them say Peter Pan's from home? It's me, whispered fidgeting with Johnny corkscrew. Oak nodded he stood for a long time lost in thought. I had last a curling smile lit up his swarthy face Smee headed waiting for it and rip your plan Captain. He cried a curly. To return to the ship hook replied slowly through his teeth and cook a large Rich cake Vocelli's thickness with green sugar on it there can be but one room below for there is but one chimney the silly moles had not the sense to see that they did not need a door apiece that shows they have no mother we will leave the cake on the shore of the mermaids Lagoon. These boys are always swimming about their playing with the mermaids. They will find the cake and they will gobble it up because I was having no mother they don't know how dangerous it is to eat Rich damp cake. He burst into laughter not Hollow laughter now, but honestly, hahaha they will die. He had listened with growing admiration. It's the wickedest prettiest policy ever. I heard of he cried and in their exultation they danced and sang All That's bewlay when I appear by few the Rover to Knott's left upon your bones when you have shaken claws with hook. They began the verse but they never finished it for another sound broken and still them there. Was it for such a tiny sound that a leaf might have fallen on it and smothered it but as it came nearer, it was more distinct. Accosted shattering one foot in the air or crocodile he cast and bounded away followed by his Boson. It was indeed the crocodile and it passed the Redskins who are now on the trail of the other Pirates used on after hook. Once more of the boys emerged into the open but the dangers of the night were not yet over for presently nibs Rush breathless into their midst pursued by a pack of wolves. The tongues of the pursuers were hanging out the baying of them was horrible save me save me right now. It's falling on the ground. But what can we do? What can we do it? What's a high compliment to Peter that at that dire moment their thoughts turn to him. What would Peter do they cried simultaneously almost in the same breath that cried Peter would look at them through his legs and then let us do what Peter would do. Is quite the most successful way of Define wolves and as one boy they bent and look through their legs. The next moment is the long one, but Victory came quickly for as the boys Advanced upon them in the terrible attitude the Wolves drop their tails and led. Now needs Rose from the ground and the others thought that is staring eyes still saw the Wolves, but it was not World seesaw. I have seen a wonderful thing. He cried as they gather round him. Eagerly a great white bird. It is flying this way. Why kind of a bird do you think I don't know if said awestruck, but it looks so weary. And is it flies it moans poor Wendy poor Wendy. I remember said slightly instantly. There are birds called Wendy's. See it comes cry curly pointing to Wendy in the heavens. Wendy was now almost overhead and they could hear her plaintive cry but more distinct came the shrill voice of Tinkerbell the jealous fairy had Now cast off all disguise of friendship and was darting at her victim from every direction pinching savagely each time. She touched think cry the wandering boys. Thanks reply rang out. Let us do what Peter wishes cried the simple boys bows and arrows he had a bow and arrow with him and take note of it and rubbed her little hands Turtles quick. She screamed Peter will be so pleased. Toodles excitedly fitted Arrow to his bow and then he fired and Wendy fluttered to the ground with an arrow in her breast. chapter