org recording by Lizzie oldfather Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 8 the mermaids Lagoon if you shut your eyes and are a lucky one, you may see it times as shapeless pool of lovely pale colors suspended in the darkness then if you squeeze your eyes tighter the pool begins to take shape and the colors become so vivid that with another squeeze they must go on fire, but just before they go on fire you see the Lagoon This is the nearest you ever get to it on the mainland. Just one Heavenly moment. If there could be two moments, you might see the surf and hear the mermaids singing. The children often spent long summer days on this Lagoon swimming or floating most of the time playing the mermaid games in the water and so forth. You must not think from this that the mermaids were on friendly terms with them on the contrary. It was among Wendy's lasting regrets that all the time she was on the island. She never had a civil word from one of them when she stole softly to the edge of the Lagoon. She might see them by the score, especially on marooners rock with a love to bask coming out their hair in a lazy way that quite irritated her or she might even swim on tip-toe as it were to within a yard of them, but then they saw her and I probably splashing her with their tails not by accident but intentionally They treated all the boys in the same way, except of course Peter who chatted with them on marooners Rock by the hour and set on their tails when they got cheeky he gave Wendy one of their cones. The most haunting time which to see them is at the turn of the moon when they utter strained wailing cries, but the Lagoon is dangerous for Mortals and then and until the evening of which we now have to tell Wendy had never seen a lagoon By Moonlight less from Fear for of course. Peter would have accompanied her then because she had strict rules about everyone being in bed by 7. She was often at the Lagoon. However on sunny days after rain when the mermaids come up and extraordinary numbers to play with their bubbles the bubbles of Many Colors made in the rainbow water, they treat his balls hitting them daily from one to another with their tails and trying to keep them in the rainbow until they burst the goals are each end of the rainbow and the keepers only are allowed to use their hands. Sometimes it doesn't freeze games will be going on in the Lagoon at a time and it is quite a pretty sight. But the moment the children tried to join in they had to play by themselves for the mermaids immediately disappeared nevertheless. We have proof that they secretly watch The Interlopers and we're not above taking an idea from them for John introduced a new way of hitting the bubble with the head instead of the hand in the mermaids adopted it. This is the one mark that John has left on the Neverland. It must also have been rather pretty to see the children resting on a rock for half an hour after the midday meal Wendy insisted on their doing this and it had to be a real rest, even though the meal was make-believe. So they lay there in the Sun and their bodies glistened in it while she sat beside them and looked important. It was one such day and they were all on The rooners Rock The Rock was not much larger than their great bed. But of course they all knew how not to take up much room and they were dozing or at least lying with their eyes shut and pinching occasionally when they thought Wendy was not looking she was very busy stitching. Well, she stitched a change came to the Lagoon little Shivers ran over it and the sun went away and shadows stole across the water turning it cold when they could no longer see to thread her needle and when she looked up the Lagoon that it always hitter tube in such a laughing Place seemed formidable and unfriendly. It was not she knew that Knighthood come but something as dark as night had come no worse than that. It had not come but it had sent that shiver through the sea to save it. It was coming. What was it there crowded upon her all the stories. She have been told marooners Rock so called because evil captains put Sailors on and leave them there to drown they drown in The Tide Rises for then it is submerged. Of course, she should have roused the children at once not merely because of the unknown that was stalking towards them. But because it was no longer good for them to sleep on a rock grown chilly, but she was a young mother and she did not know this. She thought you simply must stick to your rule about half an hour after the midday meal. So the fear was upon her and she longed to hear male voices. She would not waking them. Even when she heard the sound of muffled oars though. Her heart was in her mouth. She did not waken them. She stood over them to let them have their sleep out. Was it not brave of Wendy? It was well for those boys been that there was one among them who could sniff danger even in his sleep Peter spraying erect as wide awake at once as a dog and with one morning cry. He roused the others. He stood motionless one hand to his ear. Pirates he cried the others came closer to him strange smile was playing about his face and when he saw it and shuttered while that smile was on his face. No one dared addressing all they could do was stand ready to obey the order came sharp and incisive dive. It was a gleam of legs and instantly the Lagoon seemed deserted marooners rocks to the loan in the forbidding Waters as if it were itself marooned the boat Drew nearer. It was the pirate thingy with three figures inner Smee and Starkey and the third a captive. No other than Tiger Lily for hands and ankles were tied and she knew what was to be her fate. She was to be left on the Rock to Parrish and end to one of her race more terrible than death by fire torture for is it not written in the book of the tribe that there is no path through water to the Happy Hunting Ground get her face was in passive. She was the daughter of a chief. She must die as a Chiefs daughter. It is enough. They had caught her boarding the pirate ship with a knife in her mouth. No, watch was kept on the ship. It being hooks boast that the wind of his name guard of the ship for a mile around now her feet would help to guard it. Also one more way it would go round in that wind by night. In the Gloom that they brought with them the to Pirates did not see the rock till they crashed into it. La Que lover cried and Irish voice. That was sneeze. Here's the rock. Now then what we have to do is Hoist the Redskin on to it and leave her here to drown. It was the work of one brutal moment to land the beautiful girl on the Rock. She was too proud to offer a vein resistance quite near the rock, but out of sight two heads were bobbing up and down Peters and Wendy's Wendy was crying for it with the first tragedy. She had seen Peter had seen many tragedies, but he had forgotten them. All. He was less. Sorry than one for Tiger Lily. It was two against one that I needed him. And he meant to save her an easy way would have been to wait until the Pirates have gone, but he was never one to choose the easy way. There was almost nothing. He could not do he now imitated the voice of Hook. Are you lovers? He called it was a marvelous imitation. The captain said the pirate staring at each other in Surprise. She must be swimming out to us Starkey said when they had looked for him in vain. We are putting the Redskin on the Rock Smith called out set her free. Can the astonishing answer free. Yes, cut her bonds and let her go. But Captain wants to hear cry Peter or I'll plunge my hook into you. This is queers me gasp better do what the captain orders since Starkey nervously. I always Smith said and he cut tiger lilies cords at once like an eel. She slid between Stuckey's legs into the water. Of course. Wendy was very elated over Peter's cleverness, but she knew that he would be elated also and very likely Crowe in Les betray himself. So it wants her hand went out to cover his mouth, but it was stayed even in the act for voice and this time it was not Peter who had spoken. Peter may have been about the crow but his face puckered and whistle of surprise instead. boat Ahoy again in The Voice now Wendy understood the real Hook was also in the water. He was swimming to the boat and as his men show the light to guide him he could soon reach them. Is a light of the lantern Wendy saw his hook grip the boat side. She saw his evil swarthy face as he rose dripping from the water and quaking she would have liked to swim away. But Peter would not budge. He was tingling with life and also top-heavy with conceit. Am I not a wonder I am a wonder he whispered to her and though she thought so also she was really glad for the sake of his reputation that no one heard him except himself. He signed her to listen, the two Pirates were very curious to know what had brought their Captain to them. But he sat with his head on his hook in a position of profound. Melancholy. Captain is all well fast timidly, but he answered with a hollow mon. He size fits me besides again since Starkey and get a third time. He size fits me. Then it lasts she spoke passionately. The game's up. He cried those boys who found a mother. I find it though. She was Wendy swelled with pride. Evil Dave Starkey. What's a mother as the ignorance me Wendy was so shocked that she exclaimed. She doesn't know and always after this. She felt that if you could have a pet Pirates me would be her one. Peter pulled hair beneath the water for hook it started up crying. What was that? I heard nothing since Starkey raising the lantern over the waters and is the Pirates looked they saw strange sight. It was the nest I have told you of floating on the Lagoon and the Never bird was sitting on it. C said hook an answer to Smith question. That is a mother what a lesson The Nest must have fallen into the water. But with the mother desert her eggs know there was a break in his voice. Is it for a moment? He recalled innocent days when but he brushed away this weakness with his hook Smee much impressed gazed at the bird as the nest was born past. But the more suspicious Starkey said if she's a mother perhaps she's hanging about here to help you shirt hook winced. I he said that is the fear that haunts me. He was roused from this dejection by Sneezy girl voice. Captain said to me could we not kidnap these boys mother and make her our mother? It is a princely scheme cried hook and it was it took practical shape in his Great Brain. We will seize the children and carry them to the boat the boys. We will make walk the plank and Wendy should be our mother. Again, Wendy forgot herself never she cried and bobbed. What was that? But they could see nothing. They thought it must have been a leaf in the wind. Do you agree? My beliefs ask hook there's my hand on it and there is my hook swear. They all swore but this time they were on the Rock and suddenly hook remembered Tigerlily. Where is the Redskin? He had a playful humor at moments and they thought this was one of the moments. That's all right, Captain Smee answered complacently. We let her go. Let her go cry to hook who's your own orders the bosun faltered. Call the for the water to us to let her go since Starkey. Brimstone and golf ended hook what cousin is going on here? His face is gone black with Ridge, but he saw that they believe their words and he was startled. Lads he said shaking a little I gave no such order. It is passing clear Smith said and they all figured it uncomfortably hook raised his voice, but there was a quiver in it. Spirit that haunts this dark Lagoon tonight. He cried just hear me. Of course Peter should have kept quiet. But of course he did not he immediately answered and Hooks voice odds Bobs hammer and tongs. I hear you. In that Supreme moment hook did not blanch even at the gills butts me and Starkey come to each other and Terror. Who are you stranger speak hook demanded? I am James Hook replied The Voice captain of the Jolly Rodger. You are not you are not who cried Horsley runestone and voice recorded. Say that again and I'll cast anger in you. Hook try to more ingratiating manner. If you were hook, he said almost humbly. Come tell me who am I? I called fish replied the voice only a codfish. A codfish and it was then but not till then that his proud Spirit broke. He saw his men brought back from him. Have we been Captain All This Time by a codfish? They muttered. It isn't lowering to our pride. They were his dog snapping at him but tragic figure though. He had become he scarcely heated them against such fearful evidence. It was not their belief in him that he needed. It was his own. He felt his ego slipping from him. Don't desert me believe he was Fred Horsley to it. It is dark nature. There was a touch of the feminine as in all the great Pirates and it sometimes gave him intuitions. Suddenly. He tried the guessing game. Hook he called. Have you another voice? No, Peter could never resist a game and he answered blithely and his own voice I have. And another name III vegetable ask Coke no. Mineral No Yes, Man know this answer hangout scornfully boy. Yes. Ordinary Boy no wonderful boy Do Wendy's paying the answer that rang out? This time was yes. Are you in England? Are you here? Yes. What was completely puzzled? You asked him some questions. He said to the others wiping his damn proud. It's me reflected. I can't think of a thing. He said regretfully. Can't guess cat. Ask repeater. Do you give it up? Of course it is pride. He was carrying the game too far and the miscreants saw their chance. Yes. Yes. I am Peter Pan. pan in a moment who plays himself again and Smee and Starkey where is faithful henchmen now? We have him hook shouted into the waters me Starkey. Mine the boat take him dead or alive. He leapt as he spoke and simultaneously can the gay voice of Peter. Are you ready boys from various parts of the Lagoon the fight was short and sharp first to draw blood was John gently climbed into the boat and held Starkey. There was fierce struggle in which the Cutlass was torn from the Pirates grasp. He wriggled overboard and John left after him the dinghy drifted way. Here and there I had booked up in the water and there was a flash of Steel followed by a cry or a woop in the confusion some struck at their own side the corkscrew Smee got tools in the fourth rib, but he was in itself Pink tintern by kerli further up. The rock star key was pressing slightly in the twins hard where all this time was Peter. He was seeking bigger game. The others were all Brave boys and they must not be blamed for backing from the pirate Captain. He's Iron Claw me to circle of dead water around him from which they fled like a frightened fishes, but there was one who did not fear him. There was one prepared to enter that Circle. Strangely it was not in the water that they met hook Rose to the Rock to breathe and at the same moment peterskill did on the opposite side The Rock was slippery as a ball and they had to crawl rather than climb. Neither knew that the other was coming each feeling for a grip net the others arm and surprised they raise their heads their faces were almost touching so they met Some of the greatest heroes have confessed that just before they fell to they had a sinking had it been so with Peter at that moment. I would admit it after all he was the only man that the sea cook had feared but Peter had no sinking he had one feeling only gladness and he gnashed his pretty teeth with joy quick as thought he snatched a knife from hooks belt and was about to drive it home when he saw that he was higher up the rocks in his phone. It would not have been fighting Fair. He gave the pirate a hand to help him up. It was then that hook bit him. Not the pain of this but its unfairness was what days Peter it made him quite helpless. He could only stare horrified. Every child is affected this the first time he is treated unfairly. All he thinks he has a right to when he comes to you to be yours is fairness after you have been unfair to him. He will love you again, but we'll never afterwards be quite the same boy. No one ever gets over the first unfairness. No one except Peter he often met it, but he always forgot it and suppose that was the real difference between him and all the rest. So when he met it now, it was like the first time and he could just stare helpless twice the iron hand clawed him. A few moments afterwards the other boys. So hook in the water striking wildly for the ship Noah lesion on the pestilent face now only white fear for the crocodile within dogged pursuit of him at ordinary occasions. The boys would have swim alongside cheering but now they were uneasy for they had lost both Peter and Wendy and we're scouring the Lagoon for them calling them by name. They found the dean with home and It's Shouting as they went but no answer came save mocking laughter from the mermaids. They must be swimming back or flying the boys completed because they had such faith in Peter the chuckle boy like because they would be late for bed. And it was all a mother Wendy's fault. When their voices died away their came cold silence over the Lagoon and then a feeble cry. help poop two small Figures were beating against The Rock the girl had fainted and lay on the boy's arm with the last effort. Peter pulled her up the Rock and then lay down beside her even as he also think he saw that the water was Rising he knew that they would soon be drowned, but he could do no more. If they lay side-by-side a mermaid caught Wendy by the feet and began pulling her softly into the water Peter feeling her slip from him woke with a start. It was just in time to draw her back, but he had to tell her the truth. We're on the Rock Wendy. He said but it is growing smaller soon. The water will be over it. She did not understand even now. We must go she said almost brightly. Yes, he answered faintly. Show me swimming slide theater. He had to tell her. Do you think you could swim a fly as far as the island Wendy without my help? She had to admit that she was too tired he moaned. What is it? She asked anxious about him at once. I can't help you. Wendy hook wounded me. I can neither fly nor swim. Do you mean we should both be drowned? Look how the water's Rising. They put their hands over their eyes to shut out the site. They thought they would soon be no more. As they stopped us something brushed against Peter as light as a kiss and stayed there as if saying timidly can I be of any use? It was the tale of a kite which Michael had made some days before it a torn itself out of his hand and floated away. Michael's kite Peter said without interest but next moment. He sees the tail and was pulling the kite toward him. What did Michael off the ground he cried? Why should it? Not carry you? Both of us can't live to Michael and curly tried. Restaurant locks when he said briefly and you a lady never. Already, he had tied the tail around her she clung to him. She refused to go without him. But with a good by Wendy. He pushed it from The Rock and in a few minutes. She was born out of his sight. Peter was alone on the Lagoon. The Rock was very small now soon it would be submerged. Pale rays of light tiptoed across the waters and buying by there was to be her to sound at once the most Musical and the most Melancholy in the world the mermaids calling to the Moon. Peter was not quite like other boys, but he was afraid that last a Tremor ran through him like a shutter Passing Over the Sea but on the C1 shutter follows another until there are hundreds of them and Peter felt just the one next moment. He was standing erect on the Rock again with that smile on his face and a drum beating within him it was saying to die will be an awfully Big Adventure. end of chapter 8