recording by John Garvin Peter Pan by JM Barrie Chapter 17 when Wendy grew up. I hope you want to know what became of the other boys they were waiting below to give Wendy time to explain about them and when they had counted 500 they went up. They went up by the stair because they thought this would make a better impression. They stood in a row in front of mrs. Darling with their hats off and wishing they were not wearing their Pirate clothes. They said nothing but their eyes asked her to have them. The author of looked at Mr. Darling also, but they forgot about him. Of course mrs. Darling said it once that she would have them but Mr. Darling was curiously depressed and they saw that he considered 6 a rather large number. I must say he said to Wendy that you don't do things by halves a grudging remark, which the twins that was pointed at them. The first one was the proud one and he asked flushing. Do you think we should be too much of a handful sir? Because if so, we can go away. Father Wendy Christ shocked, but still the cloud was on him. He knew he was behaving unworthily, but he could not help it. We could like doubled up sitting I always cut their hair myself said Monday sure mrs. Darling exclaimed pained to see her dire when showing himself with such an unfavorable light. Did he burst into tears and the truth came out? He was just glad to have them is she was he said but he thought they should have asked his consent as well as hers instead of treating him like a cipher in his own house. I don't think he is a cipher to describe instantly. Do you think he is a Cypher curly know? I don't do you think he is a Cypress slightly rather not twin. What do you think? It turned out that not one of them thought in the cipher and he was absurdly gratified and said he would find space for the mall in the drawing room if they fit in. Wilfred answer then follow the leader. He cried daily mind you I am not sure that we have a drawing room, but we pretend we have and it's all the same to read off Dancing Through the house. They all cried hoopla danced after him searching for the drawing room and I forget whether they found it. But at any rate, they found corners and they all fit in. As for Peter he saw Wendy once again before he flew away. It is not exactly come to the window, but he brushed against it in passing so that she could open it if she likes and call to him. That was what she did. Hello, Wendy. Goodbye, you said? OTR you're going away. Yes. You don't feel Peter. She said falteringly that you would like to say anything to my parents about a very sweet subject. No. about me Peter No. Mrs. Darling came to the window for a present. She was keeping a sharp eye on Wendy. She told Peter that she had adopted all the other boys. I would like to adopt him also. Would you send me the school he inquired craftily? Yes, and then to an office I suppose so soon. I should be a man very soon. I don't want to go to school and learn solemn things. He told her passionately. I don't want to be a man a Wendy's mother if I was to wake up and feel there was a a beard. Peter said Wendy the comforter I should love you in the beard and a mrs. Darling stretched out her arms to him, but he repulsed her keep back lady. No one is going to catch me and make me a man. But what are you going to live with tank? And the house was built for Wendy. The fairies are to put it high up among the Treetops where they sleep at nights. House of Lee cried what is so longingly that mrs. Darling tightened her grip. I thought all the fairies were dead. Mrs. Darling said they're always a lot of young ones explained Wendy who is now quite an authority because you see you in a new baby laughs for the first time a new fairy is born does they're always knew babies. They're always knew fairies. They live in nests on the tops of trees and the mole ones are boys and the white ones are girl in the blue ones are just a little sillies who are not sure what they are. I shall have such fun said Peter with one eye on Wendy. It'll be rather lonely the evening. She said sitting by the fire. I shall have Tink Tink get go with what you just part of the way around. She reminded him a little tart Lee. Sneaky Telltale called out from somewhere around the corner. It doesn't matter Peter said oh Peter, you know what matters then come with me to the little house. May I mommy certainly not I have got you home again, and I need to keep you but it does so need a mother. So to you my love. Oh, alright Peter said as if he'd asked her from politeness merely but mrs. Darling saw his mouth twitch and she made this handsome offer to let Wendy go to him for a week every year and do his spring cleaning. Wendy would have preferred a more permanent Arrangement and it seemed to her that spring would be long in coming but this promising Peter away quite gay again. He had no sense of time. It was so full of Adventures, but I'll have told you about it was only a ha'penny worth of them. I suppose it was because Wendy knew this that her last words to him with his brother plaintiff ones. You won't forget me Peter. Will you before spring cleaning time comes? Of course Peter promised and then he flew away. He took Mrs. Darling's kiss with him. The kiss that have been for no one else Peter took quite easily funny, but she seems satisfied. Of course, all the boys went to school and most of them got in the class 3 but slightly was put first in the class 4 and then into class 5 class 1 is the top class. Before they attended School of week. They saw what goats they had been not to remain on the island, but it was too late now and soon they settled down to being as ordinary as you or me or Jenkins minor. It is sad to have to say that the power to fly gradually left them. At first Nana tied their feet to the bedposts so that they should not fly away in the night and one of their diversions by day, but you pretend to fall off buses, but by-and-by they cease to talk with their Bonds in bed and found that they hurt themselves when they let go of the bus. In time, they could not even fly after their hats want to practice they called it. But what I really meant was that they no longer believed. Michael believe longer than the other boys so they jeered him. So he was with Wendy when Peter came for her at the end of the first year she flew away with Peter in the frock. She had woven from the leaves and berries and the neverland there one fear was that he might notice how short it could become but he never noticed he had so much to say about himself. She could look forward to thrilling talks with him about old times, but new adventures have crowded out the old ones from his mind. Who is Captain Hook with interest when she spoke of the arch? Enemy, don't you remember? She asked amazed how you killed him and saved all our lives ever get them after I kill them he replied. When she expressed a doubtful hope the Tinkerbell would be glad to see her. He said who is Tinkerbell. Peter she said shocked but even when she explained he could not remember. There are such a lot of them. He said I expect you no more. I expect he was right for fairies don't live long but they are so little that a short time seems a good while to them. Wendy was paying to to find the past year was bad as yesterday to Peter it. It seems to Longyear waiting to her but he was exactly as fascinating as ever and they had a lovely spring cleaning in the Little House on the Treetops. Next year, he did not come for her. She waited in the new frock because the open simply would not meet but he never came. Perhaps he is ill Michael said, you know, he was never ill Michael King close to her and whispered with a shiver. Perhaps there is no such person Wendy. And then Monday would have cried. Michael had not been crying. Peter came next spring cleaning and the strange thing was that he never knew he had missed a year. That was the last time the girl Wendy ever saw him. For a little longer she tried for his sake not to have growing pains and she felt she was untrue to him when she got a prize for general knowledge. But the years came and went without bringing the careless boy and when they met again Wendy was a married woman and Peter was no more to her than a little Dust In The Box in which she had kept her toys. Wendy was grown up. You need not be sorry for her. She was one of the kind that likes to grow up in the end. She grew up with her own free will add a quicker than other girls. All the boys were growing up and done for by this time. So it is scarcely worthwhile saying anything more about them. Give me see the Twins and there's and curly any day going to an office each carrying a little bag in an umbrella. Michael is an engine driver slightly married Lady of title. And so he became a lord you see that judge of the wig coming out at the iron door that used to be toodles. The bearded man who doesn't know any story to tell his children was once John. Wendy was married and white with a pink sash it is strange to think Peter did not a light in the church and forbid the banns. Years rolled on again and Wendy had a daughter this ought not to be written in ink but in a golden splash. She was called Jane and always had an odd inquiring look as if from the moment she arrived on the mainland. She wanted to ask questions. When she was old enough to ask them. They're mostly about Peter Pan. She loved to hear Peter and Wendy told her all she could remember the very Nursery from what's the famous flight had taken place. It was James Nursery now for her father had bought it at 3% from Wendy's father who was no longer fun to stairs. Mrs. Darling was now dead and forgotten. There are only two beds in the nursery now James and her nurses and there is no cattle for Nana also had passed away. She died of old age and at the end she have been rather difficult to get on with being very firmly convinced that no one knew how to look after children except for self. What's a week James nurse had four evening off and then it was Wendy's part to put Jane to bed. That was the time for stories. It was James invention to raise the sheet over her mother's head in her own that's making a tent in the awful Darkness to whisper. What do we see now? I don't think I see anything tonight says Wendy with a feeling that if Nana were here she would have ject a further conversation. Yes, you do says Jane you see where when you were a little girl. That was a long time ago. Sweetheart says Monday on me. How time flies does it fly as the art from Child the way you flew when you were little girl. The way I flew do you know Jane? I sometimes wonder whether I ever did really fly. Yes, you did. How to get old days when I could fly why can't you fly now mother? Because I am grown-up dearest when people grow up they forget the way why do they forget the way because they are no longer gay and innocent and heartless is only the gay and innocent and heartless who can fly. What is gay and innocent and heartless? I do wish I was gay and innocent and heartless. Or perhaps Wendy admits. She does see something. I do believe she says that it is this Nursery. I do believe it is go on. There now. I'm parked on the Great Adventure of the night when Peter flew in looking for his shadow. The foolish fellow says when he tried to stick it on with soap and when he could not he cried and that woke me and I sold it on for him. You have messed up it interrupts Jane. We're not knows this story better than her mother when you saw him sitting on the floor crying. What did you say? I sat up in bed and I said boy. Why are you crying? Yes, that was it says Jane with a big breath. And then he flew us all away to the neverland in the fairies and the Pirates and the Redskins and the mermaids Lagoon and the home under the ground and the little house. Yes. Best of all. I think I like the home under the ground. First of all. Yes, so do I what was the last thing Peter ever said to you? The last thing he ever said to me was just always be waiting for me and then some night you will hear me crowing. Yes. But alas he forgot all about me. when they said it with a smile she was a grown-up is that What did his Crow sound like? It was like this when you said trying to imitate Peters Crow know it wasn't Jane said Gravely. It was like this. But she did ever so much better than her mother. When you was a little startled my darling, how can you know? I don't want to hear it when I'm sleeping. Shane said is Mary girls hear it when they're sleeping, but I was the only one who heard it awake lucky you said Jane? And then one night came to tragedy. It was a spring of the year in the story had been told for the night. And Jane was no sleep in her bed. When did was sitting on the floor very close to the fire? So as to see too darn, but there was no other light in the nursery and while she's at darning she heard a crow. Then the window blew open as of old and Peter dropped on the floor. He was exactly the same as ever and Wendy saw at once that he still had all his first teeth. He was a little boy and she was grown up. She huddled by the fire not daring to move helpless and guilty a big woman. Hello Wendy. She said not noticing any difference for he was thinking chiefly of himself. Into the dim light her white dress might have been the nightgown in which he had seen her first. Hello Peter. She replied family squeezing herself as small as possible. Something inside to his crying woman woman. Let go of me. Hello, where is John Suddenly missing the third bed Sean is not here. Now. She gasped is Michael to sleep. Now. She felt that she was untrue to Jane as well as to Peter. That is not Michael. She said quickly Lessa judgments and fall on her. Peter looked hello. Was it a new one? Yes, boy or girl girl. Surely he would understand but not a bit of it Peter. She said paltering, but are you expecting me to Fly Away With You course that is why I have come. Got it a little Sterling. Have you forgotten that this is spring cleaning time? She knew it was useless to say that he had led many spring cleaning times past. I can't come she said apologetically I have forgotten how to fly. I'll soon teach you again. Oh Peter, don't waste the fairy dust on me. She had risen to know it last of fear sailed him. I will turn up the light. She said and then you can see for yourself. For almost the only time in his life that I know of Peter was afraid. Turn up the light cried. She let her hands play in the hair of the tragic boy. She was not a little girl heartbroken about him. She was a grown woman smiling at all, but they were wet smiles. Then she turned off the light and Peter saw. He gave a cry of pain and when the tall beautiful creatures do to lift him in her arms. He drew back sharply. What is it again? She had to tell him I am old Peter. I am ever so much more than 20 I grew up long ago. You promised not to I couldn't help it. I'm married woman Peter. No, you're not. Yes, and little girl in the bed is my baby. No, she's not. He supposed you was and he took a step toward the sleeping child with his fists up raised. Of course, he did not strike her. He sat down of on the floor and sobbed and Wendy did not know how to comfort him though. She could have done it so easily once. She was only a woman now. And she ran out of the room to try to think. Peter continue to cry and soon his sobs will keychain she sat up in bed and was interested at once. boy, she said Why are you crying? Peter Rose and bout to her and she bout to him from the bed. Hello. He said hello said Jane. My name is Peter Pan. He told her yes, I know. I came back from my mother explained to take her for the neverland. Yes. I know Jane said I've been waiting for you. When when you return definitely she found Peter sitting on the bedpost Crow ingloriously, well Jane and her night. He was flying around the room and saw them ecstasy. She's my mother Peter explained and Jane to send it and stood by his side with the look on her face that he'd like to see on ladies when they gave it him. He does so need a mother. Jane said yes, I know when the admitted rather forlornly. No one knows. It's so well as I Good bicep Peter to Wendy and heroes in the air in the Shameless chain rose with him. It was already her easiest way of moving about. What do you rush to the window? No, no, she cried. It is just for spring cleaning time. James said he wants me always to do his spring cleaning. If only I could go with you when decide you see you can't fly. So Jane. Of course in the end. When do you let them fly away together? Alaska Observer shows for at the window watching them receding into the sky until they were smallest stars. As you look at Wendy you may see her hair becoming White and her figure little again for all this happened long ago. Jane is not a common grown up with the daughter called Margaret. And every spring cleaning time except when he forgets Peter comes for Margaret and takes her to the neverland where she tells him stories about himself to which he listens eagerly. When Market goes up, she will have a daughter who is to be Peter's mother and turn. And so it will go on so long as children are gay and innocent and heartless. end of chapter 17 recorded by John Garvin, Houston, Texas, October 20th 2006 end of Peter Pan by JM Barrie