Please visit librivox.org recorded by Julian Jameson. Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 3 come away come away. Four moments after mr. And mrs. Darling left the house the Night Lights by the beds of the three children continue to burn clearly. They were awfully nice little night lights and one cannot help wishing that they could have kept to wait to see Peter but Wendy's light blinked and gave such a Ian that the other two yawned also and before they can close their mouths all the three went out. There was another light in the room now a thousand times brighter than the night fights. And in the time we have taken to say this it had been in all the drawers in the nursery looking for Peter Shadow rummage the Wardrobe and turned every pocket inside out. It was not really a light it made this light by flashing about so quickly, but when it came to rest for a second, you saw it was a fairy no longer than your hand but still growing it was a girl called Tinkerbell exquisitely gowned and a skeleton Leaf cut low and square through which her figure could be seen. The best Advantage she was slightly inclined to one bump on entrance the window was blown open by the breathing of the little stars and Peter drop down his Cherry Tinkerbell part of the way and his hand was still messing with the fairy dust. Tinkerbell, he called softly after making sure that the children were asleep. Where are you? She was in a jug for the moment and liking it extremely never been in a jug before. How to come out of that jug and tell me do you know where to put my shadow the loveliest twinkle eyes of golden Bells answered him. It is the fairy language you ordinary children can never hear it. But if you were to hear it, you would know that you had heard it once before. Pink said that the shadow was in The Big Box. She meant the chest of drawers and Peter jumped at the drawers scattering their contents to the floor with both hands has Kings tossed happens to the crown in a moment. You have recovered his shadow and in his Delight, he forgot that he had shut Tinkerbell up in the drawer if you thought it all but I don't believe he ever thought it was that he in his shadow when brought near each other with join like drops of water and when they did not he was appalled he tried to stick it on with soap from the bathroom, but that also failed a shutter pass through Peter and he sat on the floor and cry and his songs woke Wendy and she sat up in bed. She was not alarmed to see a stranger crying on the nursery floor. She was interested. Boy, she said courteously, why are you crying? Peter could be exceeding polite. Also Having learned the Grand Manor at Ferry ceremonies and heroes and bound to her beautifully. She was much pleased and bow beautifully to him from the back. What's your name? He asked. Wendy Moira Angela darling she replied with some satisfaction. What is your name Peter Pan? She was already sure that he must be Peter but it did seem a comfortably short name. Is that all? Yes, he said rather sharply. He felt for the first time that it was a shortage name. I'm so sorry said Wendy Mora, Angela. Doesn't matter Peter Gault. She asked where he lived second to the right Saint Peter and then straight on till morning. What a funny address Peter had us in the first time. He felt it perhaps it was a funny address. No, it isn't. He said I mean when you said nicely remembering that she was host us. Is that what they put on the letters he wished. She had not mentioned letters. Don't get any letters. He said contemptuously, but your mother gets letters. Don't have a mother. He said not only has he no mother but he had not the slightest desire to have one. He thought them very overrated persons Wendy. However felt at once that she was in the presence of a tragedy. Oh Peter. No wonder you were crying. She said I got out of bed and ran to him. I wasn't crying about mothers. He said rather indignantly, I was crying because I can't get my shadow to stick on besides. I wasn't crying. It has come off. Yes, then when they saw the shadow on the floor looking so bedraggled and she was frightfully. Sorry for Peter. How awful she said but you could not help smiling when she saw that he been trying to stick it on with how exactly like a boy fortunately she wants what to do. It must be sewn one. She said just a little patronisingly what zone you're dreadfully ignorant. No, I'm not. But she was exulting in his ignorance. I shall so it on for you my little man. She said that he was tall as herself and she got out of her housewife and soda Shadow onto Peters foot daresay. It will hurt a little she warned him. Elijah and Christine said Peter who was already of the opinion that he had never cried in his life and he clenched his teeth and did not cry and soon his shadow was behaving properly though still a little creased. Perhaps I should have ironed it when they said thoughtfully but Peter boy like was indifferent to appearances and he was now jumping about in the wildest Glee. I'll ask it already forgotten that he is blessed to Wendy. He saw the shadow himself how clever I am a growed rapturously. Oh the cleverness of me. It is humiliating to have to confess that this conceit of Peter was one of his most fascinating qualities to put it was brutal frankness. There never was a cocky or boy, but for the moment when he was shot you can seat she exclaimed with frightful sarcasm. Of course, I did nothing. You did a little Peter said carelessly and continue to dance a little she replied with hotter. If I am no use I can at least withdraw and she's spraying in the most dignified way into bed and covered her face with the blankets to induce her to look up. He pretended to be going away. And when this failed he's having the end of the bed and tapped her gently with his foot Wendy. He said don't withdraw I can't help growing Wendy when I'm pleased with myself still she would not look up though. She was listening eagerly Wendy. He continued in a voice that no woman has ever yet been able to resist Wendy one girl is more use than 20 boys now Wendy was every inch a woman know that we're not very many inches and she peeked out of the bed clothes. Do you really think so Peter? Yes, I do. I think it's perfectly sweet of you. She declared and I'll get up again and she sat with him on the side of the bed. She also said she would give him a kiss if you liked but Peter did not know what she meant and he held out his hand expectantly. Surely, you know, what a kiss is she asked against I shall know when you give it to me. He replied Stephanie and not to hurt his feelings to give him a symbol said he should I give you a kiss and she replied with a slight primness if you please she made herself rather cheap by inclining her face toward him, but he merely dropped an acorn button into her hand. So she slowly returned her face to wear to been before and said nicely that you would wear his kiss on the chain around. Her neck was lucky that she did put it on that chain for it was afterwards to save her life. When people in our sets are introduced this customary for them to ask each other's age. And so Wendy who always liked to do the correct thing. Ask Peter how old he was? He was not really a happy question to ask him. It was like an examination paper then asks grammar when which want to be asked is Kings of England? I don't know he replied on easily but I am quite young. He really knew nothing about it. He had merely suspicions but he said that Adventure Wendy I ran away the day I was born Wendy was quite surprised but interested and she indicated in the Charming drawing-room Manor Bad Touch on her nightgown that he could said near her it was because I heard father and mother explained in a low voice talking about what I was to be when I became a man that he was extraordinary agitated. Now, I don't want ever to be a man. He said with passion always to be a little boy and to have fun so I ran away to Kensington Gardens and lived a long long time among the fairies. She gave him a look of the most intense admiration and he thought it was because he run away but it was really because he knew various when they had lived such a home life, but to no Ferry struck her as quite delightful. She poured out questions about them to his surprise for they were rather a nuisance to him getting in his way and so on he sometimes had to be told her about the beginning of fairies. You see Wendy when the first baby laughed for the first time its laugh broke into a thousand pieces and they all went skipping about and that was the beginning of fairies tedious talk this being a stay-at-home she liked it. And so he went on good-naturedly there ought to be one Ferry for every boy and girl ought to be isn't there. I know you see children no such a lot. Now they soon don't believe in fairies. And every time a child says I don't believe in fairies. There is a fairy somewhere that falls down dead. Really he thought they'd now talked enough about fairies and it struck on the Tinkerbell was keeping very quiet. I can't think what she's gone to he said rising and he called sync. My name Wendy's Harkins letter with a sudden thrill. Peter she cried touching him. You don't mean to tell me that there's a fairy in this room. She was here just now. He's had a little impatient play. You don't hear her to you and they both listened the only sound I hear said Wendy just like a tinkle of bells. Well, that's think that's the fairy language. I think I hear her to the sound came from the chest of drawers and Peter made a merry face. No one could ever look quite so merry as Peter and the loveliest of girls with his laugh. He had his first flop still Wendy. He was waiting. I do believe I shut her up in the drawer. He left Port tank out of the drawer and she flew about the nursery screaming with Fury. You shouldn't say such things are retarded. Of course. I'm very sorry, but how can I know you were in the drawer? Wendy was not listening to him. Oh Peter. She cried if she would only stand still and let me see her. They hardly ever stand still he said for one moment. When you saw the Romantic figure come to rest on the Cuckoo-Clock, who was the lovely she cried their tanks face was still distorted with passion to this lady says she wishes you were her fairy Tinkerbell answered insolently. What did she say Peter he had to translate she is not very polite. She says you are a great ugly girl and that she is my fairy. He tried to argue with tank, you know, you can't be my fairy thing because I am a gentleman and you are a lady To that stink replied in these words, you silly ass and disappeared into the bathroom. She's quite a common fairy Peter explained apologetically. She's called Tinkerbell because she mends the pots and Kettles they were together in the armchair by this time and Wendy plaid in with more questions. If you don't live in Kensington Gardens now sometimes I do still the where do you live? Mostly now with the lost boys, who are they? They are the children who fall out of their perambulators when the nurse is looking the other way if they're not claimed in 7 days, they're sent far away to the neverland to defray expenses. I'm captain what fun it must be. Yes. We are rather lonely. You see we have no female companionship. Are none of the others girls girls, you know, I'm much too clever to fall out of their prams this flattered when the immensely I think she said it is perfectly lovely the way you talk about girls John. They're just despises us for reply Peter Rose and kick John out of bed blankets and all one kick missing too windy for a first meeting and she told him with spirit that he was not counting in her house. However, John continue to sleep so placidly on the floor did she allowed him to remain there? And I know you meant to be, she said we're not going to give me a kiss for the moment. She had forgotten his ignorance about kisses. I thought you would want it back. He said a little bit early and offered to return her the symbol. Oh dear and said the nice Wendy. I don't mean to kiss. I mean a symbol what's it's like this she kissed him. Funny said Peter Gravely now shall I give you a thimble? If you wish to said Wendy keeping her head? Erect This Time Peter assembled her and almost immediately. She screeched. What is it windy? It was exactly as if someone were pulling my hair that must have been think I never knew her so naughty before starting about again using offensive language. She said she will do that to you Wendy. Every time I give you a thimble with y. White ink Again temp replied you silly ass. Peter could not understand why but Wendy understood and she was just slightly disappointed when he admitted that he came to the nursery window not to see her but to listen to stories. You see, I don't know any stories. None of the Lost Boys knows any stories how perfectly awful. When do you know Peter asked why swallows build in the eaves of houses? It is to listen to the stories. Oh Wendy. Your mother was telling you such a lovely story. Which story wasn't about the prince who couldn't find the lady who wore the glass slipper Peter said Wendy excitedly, that was Cinderella and he found her and they lived happily ever after Peter was so glad that he rose from the floor where they've been sitting and hurry to the window. Where are you going? She cried with misgiving to tell the other boys don't go Peter. She entreated. I know such lots of stories. Those were her precise words, so there can be no denying that it was she who first attempted him. He came back and there was a greedy look in his eyes now, which I want to have alarmed her, but did not Oh the stories I could tell to the boys. She cried and then Peter glitter and begin to draw her toward the window. Let me go and tell the other boys. Of course. She was very pleased to be asked but she said oh dear. I can't think of mommy besides I can't fly. I'll teach you. Oh how lovely to fly I'll teach you how to jump on the winds back and then away we go. She exclaimed rapturously Wendy Wendy when you are sleeping in your silly bad, you might be flying about with me saying funny things to the Stars. And Wendy, there are mermaids mermaids with tails such long tails o2cm mermaid. He had become frightfully, Wendy. You said how we should all respect you she was wriggling her body in distress. It was quite as if she were trying to remain on the nursery floor, but he had no pity for her. Wendy is at the sly one you could tuck Us in at night who none of us has ever been talked in that night and her arms went out to him and you could darn our clothes and make pockets for us. None of us has any pockets? How could she resist of course it's awfully fascinating. She cried Peter. Would you teach John and Michael to fly to if you like he said differently and she ran to John and Michael and shook them. Wake up. She cried Peter Pan is come and he used to teach us to fly. John rub his eyes then. I shall get up. He said of course he was on the floor already. Hello. He said I am up Michael was up by this time. Also looking as sharp as a knife with 6 blades on a saw computer is suddenly signed silence their faces assumed the awful craftiness of children listening for sounds from the grown-up world. All was as still as salt then everything was right. No, stop. Everything was wrong Nana who been barking to stressfully all the evening was quiet now, it was her silence that hurt. Out with the light hide quick cried John taking command for the only time throughout the whole adventure and when Liza entered holding Nana the nursery seemed quite its old self very dark and you would have sworn you heard. It's three Wicked inmates breathing angelically as they slept they were really doing it artfully from behind the window curtains as I was in a bad temper for she was mixing the Christmas puddings in the kitchen and had been drawn from them with a raisin still on her cheek by Nana is absurd suspicions what to take Nana to the nursery for a moment, but in custody, of course There are you suspicious brute? She said not sorry that Nana was in disgrace. They're perfectly safe aren't they everyone in the little angel sound asleep in bed listening to their gentle breathing Michael encouraged by his success breathe so loudly that they were nearly detected that kind of time was dance. No more of that Nana. She said sternly pulling her out of the room. I want you to bark again. I shall go straight from master and Missus and bring them home from the party and then you just she tied the unhappy dog up again, but you think Nana cease to bark bring master and Missus home from the party why that was just what she wanted. Do you think she cared whether she was so long as her charges were safe. Unfortunately, my eyes are returned to her puddings and then I seeing the no help would come from her strained and strength of the chain until it last you broke it in another moment. She burst into the dining room with 27 and song of her paws to heaven the most expensive way of making a communication. Mr. And mrs. Darling knew at once that something terrible was happening in their Nursery in without a goodbye to their Hostess. They rushed into the street, but it was now in 10 minutes since three Scoundrels have been breathing behind the curtains and Peter Pan can do a great deal in 10 minutes. We now return to the nursery. It's alright John announced emerging from his hiding place. I say Peter. Can you really fly instead of traveling to answer him Peter flew around the room taking the mantelpiece on the way how topping said John on Michael how sweet cried Wendy? Yes. I'm sweet om sweets and Peter forgetting his manners again. It look delightfully easy, and they tried it first from the floor and then from the beds, but they always went down instead of up. I say how do you do it? Ask John rubbing his me. He was quite a practical boy. You just think the lovely wonderful thoughts Peter explained and they lift you up in the air t-shirt Magan. You're so nippy out. It John said couldn't you do it very slowly once Peter. Did it both slowly and quickly? I got it now Wendy cried John but soon he found he had not not one of them could fly an inch. Don't even Michael was in words of two syllables and Peter did not know a from Z. Of course Peter had been trifling with them for No One Can Fly unless the fairy dust has been blown on him. Fortunately is we have mentioned one of his hands was Messi with it and he blew someone each of them with the most superb results now just wiggle your shoulders this way. He said and let go They were all in their beds and Michael. Let's go first. He did not mean to let go but he did it and immediately he was born across the room. I flew he screamed while still in mid-air John let go unmet Wendy near the bathroom old lovely ripping look-at-me look-at-me look-at-me. It would not nearly so elegant as Peter. They cannot help kicking a little but their heads were bobbing against the ceiling and there is almost nothing so delicious as that Peter gave Wendy a hand at first, but had to desist tank was so indignant up and down they went and round and round Heavenly was Wendy's word. I say cry John why shouldn't we all go out? Of course, it was to this that Peter had been luring them. Michael was ready. He wanted to see how long it took him to do a billion miles, but Wendy hesitated mermaids said Peter again. And there are pirates pirates cry John seizing his Sunday hat. Let us go at once. It was just at this moment, but mr. And mrs. Darling hurried with Nana out of 27. They ran into the middle of the street to look up at the nursery window. And yes, it was still shot. But the room was Ablaze with light and most hardcore up inside of all they could see in Shadow on the curtain three little figures in night attire circling round and round not on the floor but in the air, Top three figures for in a tremble. They open the street door, Mr. Darling would have rushed upstairs but mrs. Darling signal them to go softly. She even trying to make her heart go song play. Will they reach the nursery and time if so how delightful for them and we shall all breathe a sigh of relief but there will be no story on the other hand if they are not in time. I solemnly promise that it will all come right in the end. They would have reached the nursery and time. How did not been that? The little stars were watching them. Once again, the Stars blue the window open and that's smallest star of all called out cave Peter. Then Peter knew that there was not a moment to lose come he cried imperiously and sword out at once into the night followed by John and Michael and Wendy, mr. And mrs. Darling and Nana rushed into the nursery too late. The birds were flown. end of chapter 3