More information of the volunteer, please. Visit librivox.org Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter 15 hook and meet this time. All things happened to all of us on our way to life without our noticing for the time that they have happened. That's to take an instance. We suddenly discovered that be have been deaf in one ear for me to know how long it's a half an hour. No such an experience that come that night to Peter when last we saw him. He was stealing across the island with one finger to his lips and his doctor at the ready. He had seen the crocodile pass by without noticing anything peculiar about it, but by-and-by you remember that. It had not been taking At first he thought this evening, but soon concluded writing that the clock had run down. Without giving a thought to what might be the feelings of a fellow-creature that's abruptly deprived of its closest companion me to began to consider how he could turn the catastrophe to his own use and he decided to take so that wild beasts should believe he was the Crocodile and let him pass unmolested he did superbly but with one and pussy and result the crocodile was among those who heard the sound and it followed him though, whether with a purpose of regaining what it had lost and merely as a friend under the belief that it was again taking itself will never be certainly known for like slaves to a fixed idea. It was a stupid Beast. Peter reach the shore without mishap and went straight on his legs and counted in the water as of quite unaware that they had entered a new element dust many animals files from land to water but no other human of whom I know as his farm he had but one thought hook on me this time. He had to take so long that he now went on taking without knowing that he was doing it had he known he would have stopped for to build the Brick by help of the dick go and ingenious idea had not occurred to him. On the contrary he thought he had scale her side as noiseless as a mouse and he was amazed to see the Pirates covering from him with hook in their midst a sponge act as if he had heard the crocodile the crocodile no sooner the better remember it than he heard the ticking at first. He thought the sound comes from the crocodile and he look behind him swiftly. Then he realized that he was doing it himself and in a Flash he understood the situation how clever of me he thought at once and signed to the boys not to burst into Applause. It was at this moment that it didn't the quartermaster and March from the Food Castle and came along the deck now reader time what happened by your watch be just dropped Drew and deep John clapped his hands on the ill-fated parrots mouth to stifle the dining room. He fell forward for boys got him to prevent the Todd Peter gave the signal and the Caribbean was cast overboard. That was a splash and then silence. How long has it taken? one slightly had begun to count None too soon Peter every inch of him on tiptoe vanished into the cabin for more than one pilot was screwing up his courage to look around. They could hear each other's distressed breathing now, which showed them that the more terrible sound had passed. It's gone Captain Smith said wiping off his spectacles all still again. Slowly Hawk lettuce head emerges from his rough and listen, so intently that he could have got the echo of the deck. That was not a sound and he drew himself up family to his full height. Then he has to Johnny plank. He cried brazenly hating the boys more than ever because they had seen him and then he broke into the Wilderness ditty. Yo ho yo, ho the frisky blank you walks along itself till it goes down and you goes down to Davy Jones below to tenderize the Dube the sudden loss of dignity. He danced along an imaginary blank grimacing at them as he sang and when he finished he cried do you want back to the cat o nine tails before you walk the plank at that they fell on their knees fetch the cat jokes. Set hook it's in the cabin. The cabin Beatles in the cabin the children gay start each other. I I said juice blindly and he strode into the cabin. They followed him with their eyes. They scarce knew that hook had resume the song his dogs joining in with him. Yo ho yo, ho the scratching got its tails online, you know, and when they are ripped up on your back What was the last line would never be known foot of a sudden? The song was dead by a dreadful Screech from the cabin it bailed to the ship and died away then was her and a crowing sound which was well understood by the boys back to the Pirates was almost more Erie than the Screech. What was that. Hook said slightly solemnly the Italian checo hesitated for a moment and then swung into the cabin. He thought it out by God. What's the matter with Bill Jukes you talk his hook traveling over him. The matter will reply in Hollywood. Bill Jukes dead tribe started Pirates almost gibbering, but there is something terrible in there, but then you had crowing. The examination of the boys that lowering looks of the pirate boat racing by Hulk. Jaco he sent in his most Steely voice go back and fetch me out that doodle-doo. Chetco bravest of the Brave covered before his captain crying. No. No, did you say you would go to check? Oh, he said musically check event first playing in his arms despairingly. There was no more singing all listen now and again came of that Screech and again across no one spoke accept slightly 3. He said hook rallied his dogs with a gesture. Is that the notes fish he Thunder Who is to bring me that doodle-doo? Way to check out guns out ground turkey and the others took up the cry. I think I heard you warranty a Starkey said who putting again? No by tunde stocky cried my hope things you did said hook Crossing to him. I wonder if it would not be advisable to talk eat with you on the hook. I'll swing before I go in there replied stocky dog at Lee and again, he had the support the crew. Is this Mutiny Last Hope? No pleasantly that ever start Keys ringleader. Captain Massey stock you been but all of a tremble now shake and Stucky said hook for offering his claw stock. He looked around for help, but all deserted him as he backed up hook Advanced and now the red spot was in his eye with a despairing screen the pirate left upon long-term and precipitated himself into the C4. That's likely and now said, hookah Disney did any other gentleman say mutiny? Seasonal Anton and raising his claw with a menacing gesture. I'll bring out that doodle-doo myself. He said and sped into the cabin five. Most likely long to say it here at his lips to be ready. But Hope Came staggering out without his Lantern something blew out the light. He said a little unsteady something occurred Mullins water Chico demanded noodle. He's As Dead As juice said hook Shockley his reluctance to return to the cabin impress them all unfavorably and the mutinous sounds again broke Food Hall Pirates a superstitious and cooks and cried. They do say hey the shortest sign a ship's a gust. It's been this one on both more than can be accounted for I've heard Matt Mullins. He always Boots the pirate craft last and he tell captain. They say said another looking viciously. I took that when he comes it's in the likeness of the wickedest man aboard had he hope Captain ask cookson insolently and one after another to cut the cry the ship's doomed at this the children could not resist raising a Chia who had well-nigh forgotten has Christmas but as he swung round on them now his face licked up again Lads. He cried to screw now. He has a notion open the cabin door and drive them in Let Them Fight the doodle do for their lives if they kill him you so much the better if he gives them you're not the worst. For the last time his dogs admired hook and devotedly they did his bidding the boys pretending to struggle with pushed into the cabin and the door was closed on them. Now listen to hook an old listen, but not one there to face the door. Yes one Brandy who all this time had been bound to the Mast it was fun either a scream not a crew that you was watching. It was for the reappearance of Peter. She had not long to wait in the cabin. He had found the thing for which he had gone in search the key that would free The Children of the manacles and now they all stole for armed with such weapons as they could find first signing them to hide be to work at Wendy's bonds, and then nothing could have been easier than for them all to fly all together, but one thing bout the way an old hook on me this time. So when he had freed Wendy he whispered for her to conceal herself with the others and himself took her place by the masked her cloak around him so that he should pass for her. Then he took a great prep and throat. Do the Pirates it was a voice crying that all the boys Lake Lane in the cabin and they've a panic-stricken hook try to harden them. But like the dogs he had made them they showed him their fangs and he knew that if he took his eyes off them now they would leap at him last he said ready to casual or strike as need be but never quailing for an instant. I thought it out this a Jonah about I they smelled a man with a hook. No lights. No, it's the girl never was luck on a pirate ship with a woman on board. Will right the ship and she's gone. Some of them remember that this had been a saying of Flint's it's worth trying they said doubtfully fling the girl overboard right hook and they made a rush of the figure in the cloak. This none can save you now. Missy Mullins has to Jordan Lee. There's one replied the figure. Who's that? Peter Pan the Avenger game the terrible answer and as he spoke Peter flying off his cloak then they all knew who it was that had been doing them in the cabin and twice hook essay to speak and why is he failed in that frightful moment? I think his fears heart broke at last. He cried Cleveland to the brisket without conviction BJ's boys ran out. And then another Moment The Clash of arms was responding through the ship had departed get together. It is certain that they would have won but the owns that game when they were still on strong and they've on heater and Peter striking Wylie, each thinking himself the last survivor of the crew man-to-man they were the stronger but they fought on the defensive only which enable the boys to hunt in pairs and Tuesday occur. Some of the mystery and slapped into the sea otters head in dark recesses where they were found by slightly who did not fight but ran about with the lantern Richie flashing their faces so that they would have blinded and fell as an easy. Prey to the reeking swords of the other boys. There was little sound to be heard but the flag of weapons and locations creature Splash and slide limonada Leslie counting 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 I think all the way gone in a group of savage boy surrounded hook who seem to have a Charmed Life as he kept them at Bay in that Circle of fire. They had done for his dog. But this man alone seem to be a match for them all again. And again, they closed up on him and again and again, he Hue to clear space. He had lifted up one boy with his truck and was using him as a buckler Shield when another who had just passed his sword through Mullins sprang Into The Fray. Put up your swords boys. Try the new, this man is mine. Does suddenly hope found himself face-to-face with Peter the others Drew back and formed a ring around them for long the do enemies look at one another hope shuttering slightly and Peter with a strange smile upon his face. Chopin said hook at last this is all you are doing. I James Hook game the stone on sir. It is all my doing. Proud and insolent youth said hook prepare to meet thy Doom. Dark and Sinister man. Peter answered have a deep without more words they fell to and for a space that was no advantage to are the blade Peter was a superb swordsman and buried with dazzling rapide ET ever. And Anon he followed up a faint with a lunch that got past his foes difference but a shorter reach stood him and instead and he could not drive the steel home hook Gastly his inferior and brilliancy, but not quite so Nimble interest play full Stand Back by the weight of his on-set hoping suddenly to end all with a favorite trust. Him Long Ago by BBQ a trial but to his astonishment he found his trust turned aside again and again, Then he sought to close and give the quietest with an iron hook which all this time had been pouring the air but Peter double under it and lunging Fierce PL stem in the ribs at the sight of his own blood who's peculiar color. You remember was offencive to him the sword fell from Hook's hand and he was a Peterson has no tried all the boys, but with the Magnificent gesture Peter invited his opening to pick up a sword hook the to instantly but with the tragic feeling that Peter was showing good form heater to he had thought it was some fee and fighting him but DACA suspicions Excel him now. By who and what art thou he cries has Kelly. Unmute enjoy Peter answered at Adventure. I'm a little bird that has broken out of the egg. This of course was nonsense, but it was proved to be unhappy hook the Peter did not know in the least who or what he was which is the very Pinnacle of good form. Again. He cried sparingly. He fought now like a human flail and every sweep of that terrible. Sword would have severed and Twain Any Man or boy who extracted it with Peter Schlatter drown him as if the very wind it made blew him out of the danger zone and again, and again he darted in and pricked Hook was fighting now without hope that passionate breasts no longer ask for life, but for one blue knit craved to see Peter show bad form before it was called Forever abandoning the fight. He rushed into the Powder Magazine and fired it in 2 minutes. He cried the ship will be blown to pieces. Now now he thought to phone with you but Peter issued from the Powder Magazine with a shell in his hands and come leeflang it overboard what sort of form was hook himself showing misguided man, though. He was Vimy be glad without sympathizing with him that in the end. He was true to the traditions of his race the other boys with flying around him now flouting scornful and he staggered about the deck striking up at them importantly. His mind was no longer with them. It was like watching in the playing fields of long ago are being sent up to the Headmaster for good for watching the wall game from a famous wall and his shoes were right and his waistcoat was right and his daddy was right and his socks with right James Hook dial not wholly and heroic figure farewell Kobe have come to his last moment. Sing Peter slowly advancing upon him through the air with dagger post. He sprang upon the boardwalks to cast himself into the sea. He did not know that the crocodile was waiting for him for me publicly. Stop the clock that this knowledge might be spared him a little Markle dress back from us at the end. He had one last triumph, which I think we need not Grudge him as he stood on the boardwalk looking over his shoulder at Peter gliding through the air he invited him with a gesture to use his foot. It made pizza Kik instead of staff at last hook had got the bun for which he create bad phone and vent content to the crocodile does perished James Hook. 70 slightly sign out, but he was not quite correct in his figures 15 paid the penalty for the crimes that night but to reach the show stocky to be captured by the Redskins who made him nice for all their pupusas a Melancholy come down for the pirate and Smee who has both wondered about the one in his spectacles making a precarious living by saying he was the only man that James Hook had feared Wendy of course had stood by taking no part in the fight the watching Peter with glistening eyes, but now that all was over she became prominent again, she praised them equally and Shadow delightful. Even Michael showed her the place where he had killed one and then she took them into hooks cabin and pointed to his watch which was hanging on a nail. It said half-past one the lateness of the hour was almost the biggest thing of all she got them to bed in the Pirates bounce pretty quickly. You may be sure all the pizza who started up and down on the deck until at last he fell asleep by the side of long-term. He had one of his dreams that night and cried in her sleep for a long time and Wendy held on tightly. end of chapter 15 recording by kritika