this reading by Erica McKenzie Peter Pan by James Matthew Barrie chapter 10 the happy home one important result of the brush on the legumes that he made the Redskins their friends. Peter and save Tiger Lily from a dreadful fate and now there is nothing she and her Braves would not do for him. All night, they sat above keeping watch over the home into the ground and awaiting the big attacked by the Pirates which obviously could not be much longer delayed. Even by David hung about smoking the pipe of peace and looking almost as if they wanted Tippets to eat. They called Peter the Great White father prostrating themselves before they liked this tremendously. So it was not really good for him. The great white father, he would say to them in a very lordly manners. They grovel at his feet is glad to see the piccaninny Warriors protecting his Wigwam from the Pirates. Me tiger lily that lovely creature with replying Peter Pan save me me his daddy. Nice friend me know let Pirates hurt him. He was far too pretty to cringe in this way. But Peter thought her to do if you would answer condescendingly. It is good. Peter Pan has spoken. Always when he said Peter Pan Is Spoken it meant that they must now shut up and they accepted it humbly in that spirit. But they were by no means so respectful to the other boys and they looked upon his just ordinary Braves. They said he'll do to them and things like that and what annoyed the boys was the Peter seem to think this. All right. Secretly Wendy sympathize with them a little but she was far too loyal to housewife to listen to any complaints against father. Father Knows Best she always said whatever her private opinion must be. Private opinion was at the Redskins should not call her a squaw. We have not reached the evening. That was to be no one among them is the night of nights because of its adventures in their up shot. The day is it quietly Gathering its forces have been almost done event. And now the Redskins and their blankets were at their posts above while below the children were having their evening meal all except Peter. We're going out to get the time. The way you got the time on the island was to find the crocodile and then stay near him till the Clock Struck. The meal happened to be a make-believe tea and they sat around the board guzzling in their greed and really what was their chattering recriminations. The noise is Wendy said was positively deafening. To be sure she did not mind wise but she simply would not have them grabbing things men, excusing themselves by saying the toodles and push their elbow. It was a fixed rule that they must never hit back at meals but should refer the matter of dispute to Wendy by raising the right arm politely and saying I complain if so, and so what usually happened was that they forgot to do this or did it too much? Silence cried Wendy win for the 20th time. She had told him that they were not allowed to speak at once. Is your mug empty slightly, darling? Not quite empty. Mommy slightly said after looking into an imaginary mug. He hasn't even begun to drink his milk nibs interposed. This was telling insightly seized his chance. I complain of nibs. He cried promptly. John however, it held up his hand first. Well, John. Nysut in Peter's chair is he is not here. Sitting father's chair. John Wendy was scandalized certainly not He's not really Our Father John answered. He didn't even know how a father does till I showed him. This was grumbling We complain of John the twins. Toodles held up his hand. He was so much the humblest of them indeed. He was the only humble one that Wendy was specially Dental with him. I don't suppose Doodles said diffidently that I could be father. No tolls. When students began, which was not very often that a silly way of going on. As I can't be father. He said heavily. I don't suppose Michael you would let me be baby. No, I won't Michael wrapped out. He was already in his basket. As I can't be baby turtle said getting heavier and heavier and heavier. Do you think I could be a twin? No indeed replied the twins. It's awfully difficult to be a twin. Cuz I can't be anything important sad Doodles. Would any of you like to see me do a trick? No, they'll replied. Then it lasts he stopped. I hadn't really any hope he said. The hateful telling broke out again. Slightly is coughing on the table. The twins begin with cheesecakes curly is taking both butter and honey. Nibs is speaking with his mouth full. I completed the twins I completed curly I completed nibs. Dear cried windy. I'm sure I sometimes think that spinsters are to be envied. She told him to clear away and sat down to her workbasket a heavy load of stockings and every knee with a hole in it as usual. Wendy remonstrate Michael I'm too big for a cradle. I must have somebody in the Cradle. She said almost hardly and you are the littlest a cradle of such a nice homely thing to have about a house. No, she's so they played around her such a group of happy faces and dancing limbs lit up by that romantic fire. It'll become a very familiar seen this in the home under the ground. That we are looking on it for the last time. There was a step above and Wendy you may be sure was the first to recognize it. Children, I hear your father step. He likes you to meet him at the door. above the Redskins crouched Before Peter What's well Braves, I have spoken. And then is so often before the gay children dragged him from his tree. It's so often before but never again. He brought nuts for the boys is what is the correct time for Wendy? Peter you just spoil them, you know when December 3rd. Old lady said Peter hanging up his gun. It was me told him others are called old lady Michael whispered to curly. I complained of Michael said curly instantly. the first win came to Peter father we want to dance dance away. My little man said Peter was in high Good Humor, but we want you to dance. Peter was really the best dancer among them, but he pretended to be scandalized me my old bones would rattle. and Mummy 2 what cried Wendy the mother of such an armful dance? But on a Saturday night slightly insinuated. It was not really Saturday night. At least it may have been but a long lost count of the days but always if they wanted to do anything special they said this was Saturday night and then they did it. Of course. It is Saturday night Peter. Wendy said relenting. people of our figure Wendy But it is only among our own progeny. true true so they were told they could dance but they must put on their nighties first. Old lady Peter set aside to Wendy warming himself by the fire and looking down at her as she sat turning a heel. There is nothing more pleasant than evening for you and me when the day's toil is over than the rest by the fire with the little ones nearby. It is sweet Peter, isn't it? Wendy said frightfully gratified? Peter I think Curly has your nose Michael takes after you she went to him and put her hand on his shoulder. Dear Peter, she said with such a large family. Of course. I have no past my best, but you don't want to change me. Do you? No ID. Certainly did not want to change but he looked at around comfortably blinking, you know, like one not sure whether he was awake or asleep. Peter what is it? I was just thinking you said a little scared. It is only make believe isn't it that I am their father? Oh, yes. Wendy said probably. You see he continued apologetically it would make me seem so old to be their real father. But they are ours Peter yours and mine. But not really windy yesterday anxiously. Not if you don't wish it she replied and she distinctly heard his side relieve. Peter she asked trying to speak formally what are your exact feelings to me? those of a devoted son Wendy I thought so she said and went and sat by herself at the extreme end of the room. You are so queer. He said frankly puzzled and tiger lily is just the same. There's something she wants to be to me, but she says it is not my mother. No indeed, it is not when you replied with frightful emphasis. Now we know what she was prejudiced against the Redskins. And what is it? It isn't for a lady to tell. No, very well. Peter said a little nettled perhaps Tinkerbell will tell me. Oh, yes Tinkerbell will tell you when did recorded scornfully she is an abandoned little creature. Here Tink who was in her bedroom eavesdropping squeaked out something imputed. She said she glories and being abandoned Peter interpreted. Get a sudden idea. Extinct wants to be my mother. You silly ass cried Tinkerbell in a passion. She said it so often the Wendy needed no translation. I almost agree with her Wendy snapped. fancy Wendy snapping but she had been much tried and she little knew what was to happen before the night was out if she had known she would not have snapped. none of them do perhaps it was best not to know. Their ignorance cave in one more glad hour and it was to be their last hour on the island. Let us rejoice that there were 60 glad minutes in it. They sang and danced in their nightgowns such a deliciously creepy song. It was in which they pretended to be frightened at their own Shadows little wedding. That's so soon. Shadows would close in a pond from whom they would shrink in real fear. So appropriately gay was the dance and how they buffeted each other on the bed and out of it. It was a pillow fight rather than a dance and when it was finished the pillows insisted on one. More like Partners to know that they may never meet again. The stories they told before it was time for Wendy's good night story. Even slightly tried to tell a story that night but the beginning was so fearfully Dole the DePaul to not only the others but himself and he said happily yes. It is a dull beginning what is pretend it is the end. And then at last they all got into bed for Wendy's story the story they loved best the story Peter hated. Usually when she began to tell this story he left the room or put his hands over his ears and possibly if you done either of those things this time, they might all still be on the island. But tonight he remained on his stool. And we shall see what happened. end of chapter 10