Fox. Org recording by William Cheng Peter Pan by JM Barrie chapter for the flight second to the right and straight on till morning. But Peter had told Wendy was the way to the neverland but even Birds carrying maps and Consulting them at Windy Corners. Can I have cited it with these instructions? Peter UC just said anything that came into his head. At first his companions trusted him implicitly and so great with the Delights of flying that they wasted time circling around Church spires or any other tall objects on the way that took their fancy. Johnny Michael raced Michael getting a start they recalled with contempt but not so long ago. They have thought themselves fine fellows for being able to fly around the room. Not long ago, but how long ago they were flying over the sea before the stop begin to disturb Wendy. Seriously, John thought it was their second sea and their third night. Sometimes it was dark and sometimes light and now they were very cold and again to warm. Did they really feel hungry at times or were they merely pretending because Peter is such a jolly new way of feeding them. His way was to pursue birds with food in their mouth suitable for humans and snatch it from them. Then the birds would follow and snatch it back and they would all go chasing each other daily four miles running at last with mutual expressions of Goodwill. The money noticed with gentle concern that Peter did not seem to know that this was rather an odd way of getting your bread-and-butter or even that there are other ways. Certainly, they did not pretend to be sleepy they were sleepy and that was a danger for the moment. They popped off now they fell the awful thing. Was that Peter thought this funny. There he goes again. He would Craig Leafly as Michael suddenly dropped like a stone save him save him cried Wendy looking with her at the cruel sea far below eventually Peter would dive through the air and catch Michael just before he could strike the sea and it was lovely the way he did it, but he always waited till the last moment and you felt it was his cleverness that interested him and not the saving of human life. Also, he was fond of variety and a sport that grossed in one moment with suddenly ceased engage him. So there was always the possibility that the next time you fell he would let you go. You could sleep in the air without falling by merely lying on his back and floating, but this was probably at least because he was so light that if he got behind him and blue he went faster. To be more polite to him when they whisper to John when they were playing follow-my-leader. Then tell him to stop showing off said John. I'm saying follow my Leader. Peter would fly close to the water and touch each Sharks Tale and passing just as in the street. You may run your finger along an iron railing. They cannot follow him in this with much success. So perhaps it was rather like showing off especially as he kept looking behind to see how many Tails they missed. You must be nice to him. When do you impress upon her brothers? What could we do if you were to leave us? We could go back. Michael said how could we ever find our way back without him? Well, then we could go on said John that is the awful thing John. We should have to go on for we don't know how to stop. This was true. Peter had forgotten to show them how to stop John said that if the worst came to the worst all they had to do was to go straight on for the world was round and so in time they must come back to the round window. And who is to get food for us John? And it's a bit out of that Eagles mouth pretty neatly Wendy. After the 20th try when they reminded him and even though he became good at picking up food, see how we bump against clouds and things if he is not near to give us a hand. Indeed they were constantly bumping they could now if I strongly but they still kept far too much. But if they saw a cloud in front of them the more they try to avoid it the more certainly did they bump into it. If not, I had been with them. She would have had a bandage from Michael's for had by this time. Peter was not with them for the moment and they felt rather lonely up there by themselves. He could go so much faster than they thought he would suddenly She Was Out of Sight to have some Adventure in which they had no share. He would come down laughing over something fearfully funny. He'd been saying to a star but he had already forgotten what it was or he would come up with mermaid scale still sticking to him and yet not be able to say for certain what I've been happening. It was really rather irritating to children who have never seen a mermaid. And if you forget them so quickly when they argued, how can we expect he will go on remembering us? Indeed sometimes when he returned he did not remember them at least not well when you were sure of it, she saw a recognition come into his eyes as he was about to pass them the time of day and go on. Once even she had to call him by name. I'm Wendy she said agitatedly. He was very sorry. I say Wendy. He whispered to her always if you see me forgetting you just keep on saying I'm windy and then I'll remember. Of course, this was rather unsatisfactory. However to make amends he showed them how to lie flat on a strong wind that was going their way and this was such a pleasant change that they tried it several times and found that they could sleep with us with security. Indeed, they would have slept longer but Peter tired quickly of sleeping and soon he would cry in his captain voice we get off here. So with occasional tips, but on the whole rollicking they drew near the neverland for after many moons do they reach it? And what is more they have been going pretty straight all the time my perhaps so much owing to the guidance of Peter a tank has because the island was looking for them. It was only this that anyone May cite those magic Shores. There it is said Peter Connelly where where where all the arrows are pointing. Indeed a million gold and arrows are pointing it out to the children all directed by their friend the son who wanted them to be sure of their way before leaving them for the night. Wendy and John and Michael still don't tiptoe in the air to get their first sight of the island strange to say they all recognize that once I don't know fear fell upon them. They hailed it not as something long dreamt. I haven't seen it last but as a familiar friend to whom they were returning home for the holidays John there is Blue Lagoon Wendy. Look at the turtles burying their eggs in the sand Ice Age on I see your Flamingo with broken leg. Michael. There's your cave. John what's that in the Brushwood? It's a war for their whelps Wendy. I do believe that's your little whelp. There's my boat Jon with a side stove in why we burned your boat. That's her at any rate. I say John I see the smoke of the Redskin camp. Where show me and I'll tell you by the way smoke curls whether they're on the warpath. They're just across the mysterious River. I see now. Yes, they are on the warpath right enough. Peter was a little annoyed with him for knowing so much but he wants to Lord it over them his Triumph was at hand for have I not told you that are non fear fell upon them. Camus the arrows went leaving the island and Gloom In the old days at home the neverland had always begun to look a little dark and threatening by bedtime. Then unexplored patches a rose in it and spread black Shadows moved about in them. The Roar of the beasts of prey was quite different now and above all you lost the certainty that you would win. You were quite glad that the night lights are on even likes not to say that. This was just the mantelpiece over here and that the neverland was all Make-Believe. Course the neverland type of Make Believe in those days, but it was real now and there were no night lights and it was getting darker every moment. And where was Nana? They have been flying a part, but they huddled close to Peter now. His careless manner had gone at last his eyes were sparkling and A tingle went through them every time they touched his body. They were now over the Fearsome island flying. So low that sometimes a tree Grace their feet. Nothing hard was visible in the air yet. Their progress has become slow and labored exactly as if they were pushing their way through hostile forces. Sometimes they hung in the air until Peter had beaten on it with his fists. They don't want us to land explained. Who are they when they whispered shuttering. But it could not or would not say. Think about having to sleep on his shoulder but not he waking her and send her on in front. Sometimes he poisoned himself in the are listening intently with his hand to his ear and again, he would stare down with eyes so bright they seem to board two holes to Earth. Haven't done these things. He went on again. His courage was almost appalling. Would you like an adventure now? He said casually to John or would you like to have your tea first? Wendy said he first quickly and Michael pressed her hand and gratitude, but the brave or John has attained it what kind of Adventure? Yes, cautiously there's a pirate asleep in the Pampas just beneath has Peter told him if you like. We'll go down and kill him. I don't see him John said after a long pause I do. Suppose Johnson a little huskily. He were to wake up. Peter spoke and didn't lie. You don't think I would kill him while he was sleeping. I would wake him first and then kill him. That's the way I always do. I say to you kill many. puns John said how ripping but decided to have tea first he asked if there are many Pirates on the island just now and Peter said he had never known so many. Who is captain now? Hook and Sir Peter and his face became very Stern as he said that he hated word. Just hook. I Then indeed Michael began to cry and even John could speak in Gold soulmate for the new hooks reputation. He was Blackbeard bozen John whispered huskily. He's the worst of the mall. He's the only man of him BBQ was afraid. That's him to Peter. What is he like? Is he big? He's not so big as he was. How do you mean? I cut off a bit of you. Yes me said Peter sharply. I wasn't meaning to be disrespectful. Hello. All right. But as I say which bet his right hand. Then you can't fight now. Oh can't he just left under? He has an iron hook instead of a right hand any claws with it claws. I say John said Peter. Yes, say, alright, sir. All right, sir. There is one thing Peter continued that every boy who serves under me has to promise and so must you. John paled it is this if we meet hook an open fight, you must leave them to me. ipromise Johnson Loyola For the moment. They were feeling Less Erie because tank was playing with them and in her light they could distinguish each other. Unfortunately, she cannot fly so slowly as a and so she had to go round and round them in a circle in which they moved as in a Halo. Wendy quite liked it until Peter pointed out the drawbacks. She tells me he said that the Pirates sighted us before the darkness came and got long time out. The big gun. Yes, and of course, they must see her light and if they guess we are near it they're sure to let fly Wendy John Michael. Tell her to go away at once Peter. The three cried simultaneously but he refused. She thinks we have lost the way he replied stiffly and she is rather frightened. You don't think I would send her away all by herself and she's frightened. For a moment the circle of Lights was broken and something gave Peter a loving little pinch. Then tell her Wendy back to put out her light. She can't put it up that is about the only thing fairies can't do. It just goes out of itself when she falls asleep same as the Stars. Then tell her to sleep at once John almost ordered. She can't sleep except when she's sleeping. It is the only other thing fairies can't do. Seems to me now John. These are the only two things worth doing. Here, we got a pinch but not a loving one. It's only one of us had a pocket Peter said we could carry her in it. However, stay at set up in such a hurry that there was not a pocket between the four of them. He had a happy idea John set. Think agree to travel by hat if it was carried in the hand John carried it though. She had hoped to be carried by Peter. Presently Wendy took the Hat because John said it struck against his new as he flew and this is we shall see led to Mischief for Tinkerbell hated to be under an obligation to Wendy. The black topper the light was completely hidden and they flew on in silence. It was the stillest silence. They had ever known broken once by a distant lapping which Peter explained was the wild beasts drinking at the Ford and again by a rasping sound that might have been the branches of trees rubbing together, but he said it was the Redskins sharpening their knives. even these noises ceased to Michael the loneliness was Dreadful If only something would make a sound he cried. As of an answer to his request the air was rent by the most tremendous crash yet ever heard the Pirates had fired long time at them. The Roar of it echo through the mountains and the echo seem to cry savagely. Where are they? Where are they? Where are they? The sharply that the terrified 3 learn the difference between an island of Make-Believe and the same island come true. When at last the heavens were steady again, John and Michael found themselves alone in the darkness, John was treading the are mechanically and Michael without knowing how to float with love. Are you shot? John whisper tremulously I haven't tried myself out yet. Michael whispered back. We know now that no one had been hit. Peter however have been carried by the wind of the shot far up to see what Wendy was blown up words with no companion, but Tinkerbell. It would have been well for Wendy if at that moment, she dropped the Hat. I don't know whether the idea came suddenly to tank or whether she had planned it on the way. But she at once popped out of a hat and began to lure Wendy to her destruction. Tank was not all bad or rather. She was all bad just now but on the other hand, sometimes she was all good. Terry's have to be one thing or the other because being so small. They unfortunately have room for one feeling only at a time. They are however allowed to change only it must be a complete change. At present she was full of jealousy of Wendy. What she said in her lovely tinkle. When do you could not of course, I understand but I believe some of it was bad words, but it sounded kind and she flew back and forward plainly meaning follow me and all will be well. What else could poor Wendy do she called to Peter and John and Michael and got only mocking Echoes and reply? She did not yet know that tank hated her with the fierce hatred of a very woman. And so bewildered and how staggering and her fight. She followed tank to her Doom. end of chapter 4 recording by William Chang